A beast leapt forth from the flames of Hell, this gigantic, threeheaded hound howls a sound like the cacophony of a raging wildfire. Large enough to heft a horse in its monstrous maws, this terror bears no flesh, its body merely a thing of exposed bone and charred musculature. From its three fanged mouths leap tongues of flame, and crimson saliva leaks from the terror’s skeletal jaws.
A beautiful woman of regal bearing relaxes here, cutting an imposing figure more than twice as tall as a man. Five feathered wings, three black and two white, sprout from her back, while a sixth appears to be missing. Blue ribbons weave across the angelic figure’s form, offering only the barest hint of modesty. She holds a large crystalline halberd that seems to crackle and pulse with chaotic energy.
A bizarre thrum echoes from somewhere deep within this towering stone hulk, and blue liquid runs down its shuddering body.
A bloated, red belly dangles beneath the furiously beating wings of this massive mosquito.
A bloody, tooth-filled mouth that looks almost like a horrific gash gasps in the neck of this pale, childlike horror.
A blowfish the size of a horse drifts through the water, its quills the size of spears.
A blue-green neck frill sweeps back from the head of this dragon, leading to a body of shiny scales and fin-like crests.
A blue-green vine covered with stiff, verdant leaves and barbed thorns protrudes from this hedge.
A brightly colored creature swoops down to land on the branch above. Its head is overly large, with a mouth full of sharp teeth and bright, shiny eyes. The thing chirps, lashes its long thin tail, and then with a flap of leathery wings is in the air once again.
A broken mask gives this smoky, ghostly figure a bitter, unwavering gaze.
A canine form slinks from the shadows. Thick, russet fur covers its sleek form. Two large ears top its narrow, dog-like face, and it opens its jaws to reveal pointed ivory teeth. Instead of a bushy tail, a bony whip extends from its hindquarters, almost like a scorpion’s tail.
A carved pumpkin sits atop a writhing mass of thick ropey vines. Sinister flames dance within its leering, crudely carved face.
A carved rune detaches itself from the wall and floats silently in midair, glowing with arcane energy.
A chilling chorus of howls echoes through the air as a massive, white-furred wolf emerges.
A chilling statue strands behind a dark altar, both smeared with evidence of grisly sacrifices. The monstrous statue, sculpted as a perverse amalgam of both man and beast, raises a wickedly curved sacrificial dagger above its head, its bejeweled eyes seeming to glint with murderous zeal.
A cloud of crimson vapor reeking of fresh blood hangs in the air, reaching out with lashing claws.
A cloud of fine dust particles hangs in the air around this seething mass of sawdust and wood shavings.
A cloud of spores and a trail of feathers surrounds this twisted cross between a man and a gigantic vulture.
A cloud of translucent humanoid spirits whirls around this
ghostly desiccated corpse.
A cockroach the size of a dog skitters forward on spine-covered legs, its whip-like antennae lashing the air before it as its filthslick mandibles clack hungrily.
A cold chill trails this ironclad minotaur skeleton, yet flames pour from the undead abomination’s enormous blade.
A cold-eyed falcon’s head and great wings adorn the body of this otherwise leonine creature.
A cold, hateful light burns in the eye sockets of this corpse-like creature, whose withered skin is stretched over its icy bones.
A collection of cast-off organs rolls and squeezes against itself, forming a writhing mass of viscera that hovers in the air.
A column of soldiers clad in the black and red of House Thrune move together, their weapons at the ready in a coordinated front.
A contemplative humanoid face framed by a cobra-like hood adorns the body of this long, brightly colored serpent.
A corpulent man reels on his feet as if drunk, but a closer inspection reveals the horrific truth—he’s not so much reeling as he is seething from within, as if his internal organs were coiling and writhing like a knot of greased snakes. Suddenly, with a hideous retching and tearing sound, the man’s face blooms out like a rotten f lower and a pallid, five-jawed worm extrudes itself from the ragged hole in the neck where, only a moment before, a head sat.
A creature with the pod-spawned template is a duplicate created by the bodythief. It resembles the original and has all its memories, but can’t exhibit sincere emotion.
A crest of horns sweeps back from the head of this dragon, leading to a long neck and serpentine brass body.
A crocodilian head surmounts this creature’s draconic body. Thick scales cover its mottled brown and green hide, and a muscular tail sways menacingly behind it.
A crown of cruel horns surrounds the head of this mighty dragon. Thick scales the color of molten rock cover its long body.
A crown of rough gems encircles the top of this sleek, orangebrown glob as it rolls forward, the detritus of the forest churning within.
A crown of softly glowing crystals caps the head of this hauntingly beautiful, midnight-black figure.
A cruel face and orc features dominate this creature’s upper half, while its lower quarters bear the sinewy shape of a centipede.
A curved shell protects an unsightly mass of barbed tentacles, ringed by numerous inhuman eyes.
A cyclopean face stretches grotesquely across the hub of a tall, knobby wheel of bone.
A dark blue dragon, its wings immense and its tail tipped with a hooked stinger, lands on two taloned feet and roars a challenge.
A dark shadow moves rapidly across the ground. In the skies high above, silhouetted by the sun, a monstrous, black-feathered avian creature circles. Slowly, a supernatural wind begins to swirl about the creature, and crackling sparks erupt from its body. Screeching wildly, it descends as if falling from the sky, its blood-f lecked wings tipped with cruel curved hooks, and its protruding lower beak scalloped with vicious, jagged barbs.
A dazzling array of crystalline spines emerges from the back of this jewel-eyed porcupine.
A deadly and vicious bouquet of insectile claws sprouts from this horrid, three-legged, multi-eyed beast.
A decaying humanoid head floats silently and ominously, its graying teeth eerily clattering.
A deep groan at the edge of hearing precedes the appearance of this sightless leviathan, whose pallid body breaks the surface of dark waters without as much as a ripple.
A delicate figure rises from the water, her long ears tapering to points above her head, her beauty painful in its perfection.
A delicate-looking creature floats silently in midair. Resembling a large jellyfish, it has a fringe of bird’s feathers around its quivering central mass and long tentacles trailing from its center, with each tentacle ending in a snapping beak. It sings to itself as it flies, each beak making a different note in an eerie harmony.
A disgusting amalgamation of dead animal parts lurches from the shadows. The foul-smelling pieces have been stitched together with thick black thread in a shape to approximate that of a man, yet it is certainly not human. Cobbled together from bits of a dozen carcasses from half as many different species, the staggering shape utters a gurgling cry as it shambles forth to attack.
A distended metal maw filled with blunt, sculpted teeth stretches across the upper portion of this rotund iron effigy.
A distressingly humanoid face and stubby arms grow from this maggotlike creature’s body.
A disturbing combination of shark and seal, this brown-furred creature has a wide mouth filled with razor-sharp teeth.
A disturbing presence remains hidden from sight, but its malevolence hampers clear thoughts and suffuses the air with a sense of desperation.
A dog-sized cockroach skitters forth, greedily clicking its filth-slicked mandibles.
A dorsal fin rises up from the back of this immense black-and-white-furred, wolflike beast.
A droning hum announces the presence of this enormous horned beast. Powerful muscles ripple just beneath its mottled black hide.
A faint buzz fills the air as a dark cloud of smoke or dust gathers out of nowhere, swiling amorphously, then suddenly darts forward with purpose.
A faint ripple in the air suggests a hazy and vaguely humanoid vapor moving with terrible swiftness.
A fleet of miniature ships, each secure in a glass bottle, flies through the air. The ships move as one, coordinating their attacks.
A fleshy pseudopod tipped with a jawless mouth and ringed by dozens of eyes emerges from a spiny shell along with several hooked legs.
A flickering ghostly form soaring upon a front of roiling storm clouds, its skeletal torso lies cloaked in tattered wrappings. Powerful winds seem to lash about the spectre, and malevolent embers flare within its eye sockets as its claw-like fingerbones reach forth.
A formidable pair of heavy horns curls from the forehead of this sturdy, brown-and-white-furred ram.
A ghostly, skeletal figure rises up amid a whirling cyclone of tools, plates, utensils, and other loose objects.
A giant beetle that looks capable of biting a full-grown horse in half suddenly bursts from the earth. As mud, dirt, and rocks cascade off its back, the thing’s carapace shimmers with purple and white lights that trap the eye and dull the mind.
A giant like a mountain of corpses thunders into view. Armor crafted from the twisted bones of a hundred gigantic victims girds a twisted humanoid body covered in angry red burns and the jagged scars of crippling battles. Despite its wounds, the surviving figure exerts a terrible strength, hefting its grisly armor with ease.
A giant rotting hand rocks unsteadily, propped upon thick, stubby fingers. Its pale, necrotic flesh pulses and crawls with sickly boils.
A gigantic, prehistoric fish cuts through the water, its head like a snapping turtle, complete with sharp, toothlike plates.
A glimmering vision shimmers on the horizon, the very air
coalescing into an oasis that may or may not exist.
A gnarled staff keeps this grizzled hunchback standing under the weight of his ramlike horns and his massive snail shell.
A gray, lipless goblin head with serpent’s fangs sits atop the sinuous black body of this greasy-scaled snake.
A greasy sheen coats the scarred, rippling hide of this dog-shaped beast. Beady eyes, wide ears, and jagged teeth lend rodent-like qualities to the imposing war beast.
A grim metal mask floats above ceremonial armor that shifts and writhes, and long blades form fingers on gauntleted hands.
A hairy, stout animal with opposable thumbs, this creature has a pronounced muzzle and bright red buttocks.
A handsome, well-formed man walks out of the waves, the gill slits on the side of his neck flexing.
A haze of heat shimmers around this beautiful woman. The glare
 of the sun gleams from her radiant skin.
A hideous monstrosity crafted from body parts stitched together with thick string, wire, and metal staples lurches to horrific life.
A hideous mound of shuddering, pustule-encrusted flesh, this
 bloated creature’s gaping maw is filled with terrible teeth.
A hideous tangle of hairlike fungal filaments writhes with nauseating purpose. Bones lie tangled in the wriggling mass, arrayed around a central draconic skull.
A hideous, dog-sized flea leaps about on long, gangly legs. The sharp, jagged edges of its jaws greedily clatter for blood.
A high-pitched drone precedes the cloud of tiny insects that approaches like a malevolent thunderhead.
A high-pitched whine issues forth from the haze of this surging crimson cloud. Within, thousands of tiny forms whir in agitation, each a tiny insect with a needle-like proboscis.
A host of tentacles—some tipped with eyes and others ending in mouths—flail around a massive spiraling maw ringed with thousands of teeth.
A huge eye opens in this conical creature’s front, just above a toothy mouth. Long strands of fibrous material whip from its sides.
A hulking humanoid cloaked in ragged cloth limps forward, its malformed, tumorous arms ending in claws the length of scythe blades. From beneath its rags droop lengths of loose flesh and a strangled wheezing issues from its deformed lips.
A hulking monstrosity lumbers forth, its canine jaws snapping ferociously. Its matted, speckled hide and hyena-like cackle hint at its animalistic nature, yet it walks like a man, even though its grotesque proportions seem wholly unnatural. A circular patch of thickened, gray scar tissue nestles in the filthy fur in the center of its forehead.
A humanoid head peers forth from this enormous creature’s beautifully iridescent, spike-covered beetle carapace.
A humanoid torso and four spindly legs sprout from the top of this black-paneled orb. Buzzing mechanical tentacles churn and writhe below its bulk.
A jackal’s head draped in a tattered headdress extends from a winged, leonine body.
A jumble of melted bones and skull fragments float amid an oozing brown and yellow slurry.
A large amber eye tops a swollen head, surrounded evenly by four mouths loaded with needle-sharp teeth. This enormously long, yet slender creature stretches the length of five men and appears to be composed of twisted strands of pallid flesh and veiny musculature. The tentacle-like thing moves with the awkward, alien speed of a hunting insect, unnaturally still one moment and darting forth with incredible speed the next.
A larger-than-life wooden carving of a mermaid holding a spear clambers forward, the vibrant paint coating her frame encrusted in years’ worth of sea salt.
A leathery piece of skin stretched across a frame of joints and bony knobs beats awkwardly through the air. Eyes glare from the folds of its thick wings, writhing tentacles surround its sucker-like maw, and a long, thin tongue darts forth seemingly at random to lash the air around it.
A long and sinuous form slithers across the sand. Glistening, iridescent skin stretches over its 8-foot-long frame. As it glides along, it opens its narrow mouth to reveal needle-like nubs of bone protruding from the soft flesh of its mouth.
A long crimson cloak drapes over the form of this large faceless being, which floats just above the ground on footless legs as its menacing flail crackles with blue currents of electricity.
A long tail counterbalances this reptile’s equally long neck, at the end of which a relatively small head pulls food from the treetop.
A long tail fitted with a barbed stinger trails from this flat, triangular fish’s body.
A long-beaked, crested head on a twisted neck rises from a formless, glowing mass of a body. Now and then, a grasping claw extends forth.
A long, moist streak along the dark stone suddenly undulates like a serpent and then rises up to attack.
A long, plate-covered body with a protruding mouth and clawed limbs emerges from beneath this creature’s meteor-like bulk.
A long, spiny fin runs down the length of the dolphinlike body of this eel-headed predator.
A loud droning buzz accompanies this mass of flying insects.
A low hum surrounds this huge, gnarled tree. The rotten fruits that hang from its sickly branches look vaguely like human heads.
A low moan escapes from this desiccated husk as it shambles forward. Its flesh, such as it is, is barely visible beneath layers of ancient funerary wrapping, which are themselves covered in arcane symbols and hieroglyphics. It moves with a single-minded ferocity that belies its withered appearance, and its one good eye stares fixedly at its prey.
A low, ominous buzz announces the arrival of a mass of many thousands of angry, stinging wasps.
A malevolent face emerges from within this roiling mass of ghostly fire. Several smaller faces writhe within the flames.
A man with curling ram’s horns sits astride a snorting, stamping black warhorse, gripping a dark, battle-worn spear.
A man with fiery red hair and antlers rides a red-gold stallion. His robes expose the hairy legs of a goat, ending in cloven hooves.
A mane of long, writhing tentacles crowns this translucent, humanoid figure. A crystalline skeleton supports its faintly glowing flesh.
A mass of black, bramble-like tentacles writhes from the back of this vague, shifting humanoid. Inky skin covers the creature, and ebon claws curve long and thin from the tips of its fingers. Numerous tendrils of wispy shadow hold the creature aloft while others rise above its shoulders in strange, wriggling wings.
A mass of shell-like fungus grows so thick it obscures the mass of
plant matter beneath.
A mass of tangled vines and dripping slime rises on two trunk-like legs, reeking of rot and freshly turned earth.
A mass of wriggling black creatures each the size of a man’s finger stirs the stagnant water before enveloping its victim.
A massive draconic creature with a birdlike head dives from the sky, letting loose a piercing scream as it descends.
A massive insect with long mandibles and sullenly glowing eyes, this creature has a heavy, bulbous thorax.
A massive tarantula covered in bristly hairs strides forward with deliberate steps, its eight eyes scanning for prey.
A massive, fire-filled maw splits the belly of this lumbering
 iron-skinned fiend, whose short arms end in razor-sharp claws.
A merging of an emaciated man and a porcupine, this sinister creature smells of death and decay.
A miasma of swirling, nightmarish shapes spill forth from the torn-asunder jaws of a corpse the mists drag in their wake.
A miasmal form roils as barbed tentacles emerge from the central mass, coalescing into razor-sharp talons and claws.
A mighty woman of refined beauty hovers in the air, her skin whorled with blue markings.
A mix of burly and slender tentacles extend from the body of this large, wormlike creature. Rows of frightful fangs line the maw beneath its sharp beak.
A model sailing ship in a display bottle the size of a boot sails the air on vaporous waves. Speckles of water move about the deck like a crew, arming a miniature ballista and preparing to take aim.
A mountainous form, this hideous creature is humanoid in general shape, but its hateful face is a writhing mass of tentacles.
A mouth like a lamprey’s gnashes curved teeth at one end of this slimy, eel-like fish.
A narrow, beetle-like creature glides across the water’s dark surface on four brown, spindly legs. It stands just over five feet tall, holding its head and thorax upright while clutching an intricately carved hunting spear in two clawed forelimbs. Powerful mandibles click in rhythm with the reed-thin antennae waving upon its head as if testing the air for the scent of prey.
A noxious fluid drips from the vicious arrows of this feral ape-like humanoid.
A noxious mustard-colored vapor hangs low over the battlefield,
 concealing the sickening forms of dead soldiers who walk once
 more among the living. Its heavy fumes shift and swirl as if alive.
A pair of brightly colored butterfly wings sprouts from the back of this miniature dragon.
A pair of frozen, multifaceted eyes coldly judge all before this towering, insectile monstrosity.
A pair of gigantic, flame-seared wings and eyes smoldering like embers give this towering devil a truly horrific appearance.
A pair of mandibles surrounds the vertical, tooth-filled maw of this giant, multi-eyed flatworm. Four long antennae stretch from its face, twitching and flailing rapidly. Along its spiny, chitinous body emerge four tentacles, grasping in all directions.
A pair of spiked fiends, interwoven through bodily cavities and impaling limbs, spin in a dance with their twin curved knives.
A pair of three-fingered arms sprouts from either end of this hourglass-shaped creature composed of cosmic starstuff.
A pale bluish tiny elfin creature, less than two feet tall, scowls at you from beneath a dull gray cloak dusted with light frost.
A pale face framed by glossy black hair hangs in the air, trailing viscera from the ragged stump of its neck like a grisly tail.
A palpable sense of despair clings to the rotting frame of this decaying man. Tears of blood run from his eye sockets, yet his expression is one of unquenched rage.
A parasite ballooned to monstrous proportions undulates in the muck, its circular maw a spiral of teeth.
A plant whose body resembles a blooming lotus flower exudes an
air of serenity.
A pool of greenish muck, blossoming with weird vegetable-like growths and sap-seeping boils, twitches into unnatural motion as a pseudopod springs outward, dragging the entire grotesque mass forward with an ameboid life.
A predatory gleam glints in the eyes of this stern-looking aquatic elf.
A prickly cactus’s arms are covered in vicious spines.
A proud fin flares along the spine of this large, sleek fish, its head coming to a spearlike point.
A pulsating glyph animates into a quickly flowing script that changes form as it rewrites itself, before finally assembling into an arcane symbol that flares with untold magical power.
A quivering pile of tumorous flesh, this creature leaves a trail of slime as it hungrily searches for sustenance.
A reptilian creature dives from the sky with a piercing scream. As it hits the ground, wings the width of sails throw up dirt and leaves. The creature’s draconic body tapers to an unmistakably birdlike head with a backward sweeping crest and a beak that resembles a giant military pick. As it moves, the air around it thrums with a high-pitched wail.
A reptilian head on a serpentine neck slowly surfaces. Shadows beneath the water hint at a body of considerable size.
A rickety construction of glass tubing, metal, and wood convey the brain and two eyes afloat in this figure’s glass skull.
A ridge of jagged ice runs down the back of this glistening, goatsized lizard.
A rigid crest runs from the head of this bipedal lizard to the tip of its long tail, and oil glistens on its scales.
A roiling wave of flesh gushes forward. Amid the fatty surge wriggle half-formed limbs and a dripping tumorous face.
A rustic hut stands here, its timber walls hung with bundles of drying herbs and etched with eerie symbols. From beneath its splintering wooden porch extends a pair of legs, like those of a fifteen-foot-tall chicken with gigantic talons caked in mud but sharp as razors.
A scorpion’s claw and twisted goat legs, all stitched into place with ragged black thread, replace three of this wild-haired man’s limbs.
A seemingly mundane puddle, patch of moist stone, or glistening rock is suddenly revealed to be more as a terrible pseudopod lashes out.
A series of metal rings rotates around a giant prismatic sphere.
A set of insectile legs emerges from this book, sharp teeth ring the tome’s edges, and a ribbon bookmark protrudes menacingly from its open pages.
A sharp-featured humanoid head crowns the powerful, sinuous body of this snake-like monstrosity.
A shimmering halo surrounds this regal dragon’s spine-crowned head, and its vast wings ripple like milky gossamer lit by the moon.
A shimmering, colorless mass congeals to form a four-armed humanoid shape with an eye-like pattern in its torso.
A shroud of dark wings cloaks this thin, humanoid shape. Two monstrous red eyes glare malevolently from its narrow face.
A sickly smell of feral musk, rotting flesh, and acrid sweat surrounds this fly-like creature. Its wings fill the air with a dreadful drone even when the creature is still.
A single eye peers from behind the armor plates and keen-edged blades that compose the cage-like exterior of this tiny flying orb.
A single eye stares unblinking from an amorphous blob. A
 transparent pseudopod extends from the mass, ready to strike.
A single huge eye stares from the forehead of this nine-foot-tall giant. Below this sole orb, an even larger mouth gapes like a cave.
A single milky eye stares from the forehead of this towering giant wrapped in filthy, rune-covered strips of bloody linen.
A single wicked horn grows from the forehead of this stocky, oryx-like creature.
A skeletal carcass pulls itself from the ground, its body formed as much from earth and soil as from bones and rotting flesh.
A skeleton clad in tarnished armor clatters in its grim march. A polished bronze breastplate, greaves, and helmet dutifully remain to protect this felled warrior, while its naked, skeletal hands still clutch a short spear and a round bronze shield. Yet, beneath its decrepit armor and moldering bones, a deftness and deadly intent linger on, embodied in a hellish light smoldering in its shadowed eye sockets.
A skeleton of silver rods gives this blob of protoplasm a roughly defined shape with an approximation of three arms and legs. Its outer skin shimmers with a rainbow of colors.
A slightly goofy, bent-nosed face does little to detract from the imposing height and bulk of this ungulate.
A slithering blob of amoeba-like protoplasm shines with flame, warping the air around it in a searing mirage.
A small cluster of shimmering lights floats in the air, orbited by multiple vibrant crystals and gemstones.
A small forest animal sits motionless atop a worn stump—and then the stump’s face peels open into a maw of sharp teeth.
A small forest animal sits motionless atop a worn stump—until the wood peels open into a maw of sharp teeth, and flailing tentacle roots erupt from the earth, some bearing blinking eyes.
A small stalactite hangs from the cavern ceiling, seemingly suffused with strange crystalline veins and nodules. Without warning, its crystalline elements begin glowing faintly and crackling with barely restrained energy.
A small, bright-eyed bundle of fur, this woodland creature has a bushy tail as big as the rest of its body.
A small, gaunt humanoid creature possessing an oversized saurian  head and a thick, powerful tail hovers in the  air, its tiny wings a blur. The creature’s smooth reddish skin is covered in a maze of glowing golden runes. Its fingers and toes end in razor-sharp claws, and a wide mouth beneath incongruously intelligent eyes bristles with rows of tiny needle teeth.
A snake-like, dragon-headed monster of tremendous size rises up, drifts of snow and ice tumbling from its coiling flanks.
A soft whirring noise accompanies this flying mechanical creature. Its arms and hands end in spindly, multi-jointed fingers, and four circular rotors hold the creature aloft.
A sound like soaked ropes slapping wetly against the floor heralds this thing’s disgusting approach. A corpse slides along the floor, its gut ripped open, a mass of wriggling greasy entrails spilling forth like serpents. The viscera possess an unholy life of their own, pulsating obscenely as they wetly grip doorframes, tables, and anything else to pull the body about, like giant worms dragging their plump meal behind them. The bloated horror ceases its approach. The sloppy intestines seem to sense fresh prey, hovering momentarily before shooting forward with frightening speed.
A spectral figure hovers above the ground, exhibiting a silent serenity that is beautiful to behold.
A sphere of bronze and copper set with a single eye, this winged creature has two clawed hands, one of which clutches a knife.
A spider the size of a bull elephant rears up on its back four legs in a violent challenge, eyes shimmering with magical energy.
A spider the size of a man crawls silently from the depths of its funnel-shaped web.
A spider the size of an elephant, this dark blue arachnid rears up on its six hind legs to raise its barbed and razor-edged front claws.
A spiral pattern adorns the hood of this cobralike serpent. Its gaze betrays a keen intellect.
A squirming, roiling mass of squeaking rats draws closer, teeth flashing and claws scratching everything in its path.
A stirring in the air and rustle through the room reveals a presence—a subtle aura both cautious and curious.
A storm of tentacles, each twenty feet in length, flails with deadly precision from the leathery body of this gigantic octopus.
A swarm of thumb-length, frog-shaped creatures rushes forth, each chattering madly in a different language. A mangy coat of black matted bristles covers their warty flesh while their oversized, bloated heads erupt into wide mouths filled with jagged teeth.
A swirling, 15-foot-high, funnel cloud composed of thousands of jagged human bones whirls in an uncontrolled vortex of death. From it, the air splits with the deafening grind of bone-on-bone.
A swollen, brainlike bulb encrusted with fungal shelves squats atop several ropy legs. A wide mouth bisects the bulb’s crown.
A tall, handsome woman sits astride a white horse. She grips an elegant longbow made of raw birch.
A tangle of thin, tentacle-like eyestalks floats in the air, its innumerable unblinking eyes each projecting an air of cruelty.
A tentacled horror that seems to shift in and out of the shadows, this bizarre beast is an amalgamation of darkness and menace.
A thick carpet of moss and vines stretches out from a central tangled mass of plant matter.
A thick sheet of filthy green fungus grows in twisting patterns across the shoulders and back of this feral-looking man.
A thick shell encases this reptile’s body, from which only its tail, its feet, and a head fitted with powerful jaws emerge.
A thick tangle of discolored entrails clings to this lurching skeleton’s torso and winds upward to loll from its jaw like a clawed tongue.
A thin, six-legged ant the size of a pony stands at the ready, its mandibles chittering and its stinger dripping with venom.
A third eye rests on the forehead of this ornately robed giantess, her figure half-shrouded in the darkness of a starry night that swirls continuously about her.
A toned, regal human radiates a shifting aura of many colors and
murmuring voices that seem strangely familiar.
A tower of blood in humanoid form sloshes within the clotted surface that holds it in a stable form.
A towering, corpulent beast, this fiend has the hideous head of a boar and arms ending in fatty, four-fingered hands.
A tremendous badger snarls and scrapes its wicked, shovel-like claws. Stocky muscles ripple beneath its streaked and shaggy fur.
A tremendous starfish-like creature emerges from the sand, its five long arms surrounding a circular toothy maw.
A twisted trunk clustered with bulbous blossoms holds up a gaping mouth ready to swallow a victim whole.
A vague humanoid shape composed of whirling dust and shards of bone hovers menacingly in the air.
A vaguely humanoid shape made of metal lurches to life with the grinding whir and frantic ticking of hundreds of gears.
A violet rune glows in the center of this red-skinned fiend’s forehead.
A vortex of freezing wind swirls around this six-legged, bearlike monstrosity. A single horn protrudes from its snarling face.
A walking rubbish heap, this roughly man-shaped creature seems to be barely holding itself together.
A wave of swift-moving spines rushes forward—a roiling tide of dangerously fast sea urchins.
A wave of wing-like seedpods whips through the air, each tipped by a miniscule thorn and propelled by a rapidly lashing tendril.
A whirling cloud of fine desert sand piles up upon itself, forming into the shape of a humanoid figure.
A white porcelain mask and elegant white clothing provide form and contrast to this shadowy woman’s body.
A wicked scar runs the length of this blue-eyed, apish humanoid’s face, and he wields a dislodged tree trunk as a club.
A wickedly hooked beak and an immense bald head draw attention from this enormous scavenger’s vast wingspan.
A wide rack of ivory-white antlers crowns the head of this majestic tawny stag.
A wild mop of hair tops this small humanoid creature’s head. It has prominent gleaming eyes and a toothy grin.
A wild-eyed band of hobgoblins cluster tightly around fortified carts containing hoses and reservoirs brimming with strange fluids.
A winged unicorn rises into the air on ivory pinions, a paragon of grace and beauty.
A writhing carpet of ants seethes over the ground, consuming everything in its path.
A writhing forest of tendrils extends from one end of this chitincovered creature’s body, while from the other lashes a pincer-tipped tail. Six transparent blisters adorn its back, each containing a brain floating in thick green fluid.
A writhing mass of clacking shells and snapping pincers rushes from the surf, their spider-like legs twitching across the sand.
A writhing mass of legs and poisonous pincers swarms across the ground in a deadly, undulating wave.
A writhing, seemingly endless segmented monstrosity crawls forth, its great mandibles clacking as it spies prey.
Above this brobdingnagian, whalelike creature’s cavernous maw of freakish teeth, multiple eyes peer out in different directions.
Additional straps and hooks concealed beneath this muscular horror’s cloak secure it to the saddle of the rotting, flapping undead monstrosity he rides.
All but invisible in the water, this foul swarm of fist-sized jellyfish wriggles and writhes, a virtual wall of stinging tentacles.
All the skin has been scraped from this childlike humanoid’s frame, revealing cords of gray musculature. Its eyes burn with a red glow.
Although this robed wizard stands and moves like a man, his body is a writhing mass of squirming, slippery worms.
Although wingless, this dragon twists gracefully though the sky, its scales reflecting the shifting hues of the heavens.
Amid a roiling cloud of deepest dark, the rattle of chains and heavy footfalls announce a being of immense size. An infernal, gasping hiss draws the darkness back, revealing a tortured, four-legged fiend of exposed bone and ragged flesh draped in chains. Barbs and hooks hang from these wrought iron bands, matching the fiend’s tail as they writhe like snakes in search of prey.
Amid this hissing cloud of glistening cockroaches is a disheveled vagrant with wasplike stingers extending from its palms.
An acidic tang fills the air of this small, glittering cave. Several extremely sharp formations are as large as a human head.
An amalgam of fur and feathers, this bizarre half-bear, half-owl monstrosity raises its huge, ursine claws in anger.
An amorphous blob coalesces, slowly rising up to form into a humanoid figure. As it stabilizes, intricate details emerge.
An animated cluster of translucent crystals shaped disturbingly like a gemstone scorpion scuttles into an aggressive stance.
An apelike head with demonic features cast in black iron sits on six segmented mechanical legs.
An attractive green-skinned woman sits in the depths of this enormous, sweet-smelling flower.
An avalanche of gnashing teeth, bone hooks, and worm coils roils forward in a wave of sundering parts. At the forefront of this thrashing, tentacular body yawns a howling pit of a mouth, ringed with a spiral of churning teeth and three massive, spiked mandibles.
An awful, scuttling mass of legs and mandibles scrambles forward out of the darkness.
An eerie green glow emanates from this decayed soldier’s bony eye sockets. It wears a rotted uniform and carries a massive crossbow.
An eerie green glow shines through the seams of this mechanical creature’s armor.
An eerie radiance, a glow unlike anything else, fills the area, bringing with it a stif ling sense of latent malignancy.
An elegant leather gown, skull-shaped studs, and a silken veil conceal much of this humanoid’s transparent flesh.
An elephantine centipede scurries about, its double tail lashing angrily behind it.
An emaciated humanoid bursts through the trees, brandishing a knife of black stone. His body is a patchwork of hair, skin, scales, and strange limbs stitched together with thick, black thread.
An enormous coil of muscle and scales, this giant snake flicks its arm-length tongue in the air as it scans the area for prey.
An enormous draconic head rises up atop a massive serpentine neck wider than a galleon’s mainmast. Seemingly endless coils break the water’s surface around it, only hinting at the monster’s terrifying size, as it opens its steam-shrouded maw with a hiss.
An enormous, animate mass of armed and armored corpses undulates forth, like a siege tower of steel-girded flesh.
An ever-gnashing maw, filled with row after row of mismatched teeth, dominates this frightful creature’s orb-like body.
An expression of intense malevolence crosses the face of this small, insubstantial spirit, which looks unsettlingly like that of a gnome.
An immense centipede-like beast erupts from the snow, rows of chitinous plates on its back glowing red-hot.
An immense gray-and-white shark glides through the water, its piercing red eyes revealing a vicious intelligence.
An immense mass of flesh and a tangle of impossibly long tentacles, this entity boggles the mind with its immensity.
An immense spiny monster, its back plated in chitin and its belly in thick folds of blubber, rises hungrily from the center of a whirlpool.
An imposing wall of steel, corded muscle, and blood-stained banners, this centaur wields a lance and shield with the majesty and prowess of any human knight.
An impression of unmistakable malice pervades the area, the vague yet undeniable sensation of looming malevolence and faint foul breath.
An inordinate number of sinewy limbs, each terminating in clawed feet, protrude from the sides of this slithering creature. Its face is disturbingly demonic.
An insane tangle of eyes and mouths, arms and legs, tentacles and worse rises up upon itself, a mountain of madness come to life.
An inspirational song emanates from what appears to be point in thin air twelve feet off the ground. Stirring crescendos and moving fanfares can be heard throughout its melody.
An invisible presence suggests the shape of a giant-sized person, surrounded by a rhythm of subtle noises from the natural world.
An oily substance in the water surrounds this seething red mass of wormlike lumps of algae.
An ominous figure, hands bound before him and his head lolling obscenely to one side on a broken neck, hovers forward. His face is obscured by a rotten death shroud, a milky eye peering through one worn hole, half its black-tooth-filled mouth visible through another rent in the fabric. A horrid rasp of air croaking out pain and misery issues from the thing’s crushed throat.
An oversized lizard the size of a horse scans the area, its bulging eyes darting this way and that, completely independent of one another. Every few moments a long pink tongue snaps from its wide mouth, either to snatch up some unseen insect or moisten an eye.
An unkempt mass of hair covers this towering giant. Its humanlike face bears a peaceful yet stern countenance.
An unnatural amalgam of loathsome animal parts, this mangy beast skulks forward — walking perversely upright — on the rear legs of a powerful horse. Its body and head grossly equine, the torn wings of some giant bat sprout from the thing’s poxspotted hide. Calloused, milky eyes glare balefully from a nearly skeletal head as a rasping hiss escapes a muzzle filled with broken yellow wolf teeth.
An unnatural tittering issues forth from the fanged maw of this floating mass of talon-tipped tentacles, all as red as freshly spilled blood.
An unseen breeze stirs the desiccated scales of this immense snakeskin, causing the shedding’s frayed, dried edges to flutter with a semblance of life. Pinpoints of unholy green light flare behind the intact eye lenses as the head starts to rise. The same glow behind those long-dead eyes illuminates a gaping mouth and bony fangs. Then a terrifying, painful hiss assaults your mind as the serpent slithers forward with a silent, unearthly grace.
An unwholesome abomination scuttles fluidly forth, its shape combining features of both spider and squid under an armor of rugged rock. While stone protuberances gird its upper portions, below it is a thing of angry red flesh and soft pink tendrils. Two gaping orifices full of tiny barbs split its lower body—a mouthlike slit surrounded by numerous narrow red eyes and, above that, an oozing alien aperture.
Ancient tomes and ornate robes lend this towering one-eyed figure an intellectual air, balanced by his toned muscles and a lingering stench of blood.
Armored from head to toe in gleaming black-and-red chitin, this insectile warrior’s tail ends in a wickedly barbed stinger.
Armored in dense, bony plates, this four-armed creature drools wretched strings of black bile from its fanged maw.
Armored in sun-bleached bones and smelling of stale blood, this scarred man with massive wings keeps his bow at the ready.
Armored in the ceremonial garb of some grim knight, this figure stands unnaturally still, though the intricate metalwork patterns of its sculpted mantle writhe and shift as if alive. Claws the length of longswords extend from its armored fingers in razor-sharp fans, and no head or helm rests upon its ironclad shoulders. Instead, there hovers only a plain mask, an unnatural facade devoid of all empathy, emotion, or mercy.
Armored like an infernal knight upon some monstrous steed, this fiend of iron and nails scuttles upon six bladed, beetle-like legs.
As if a shadow had come to life, a dark mass rolls across the ground, washing over all in its path. Clicking and snapping in a terrible cacophony of thousands upon thousands of tiny bodies, several scuttling forms identify the unstoppable throng as a terrible, hungry host of cockroaches.
As if the world’s most revolting lapdog had somehow learned to walk on its back legs, this sickly creature slinks forward carefully.
As tall as a grown human, this mouse-faced creature stands on powerful hind legs and has a stout tail trailing behind.
As tall as a tree, this dark gray bird stands on long legs. Its curved neck supports a sleek head with a slim but wicked beak.
As thick and tall as a towering palm tree, this mud-colored worm hisses through a fanged mouth. Atop its head, a small protuberance shines like a star.
As this creature falls from the cavern roof, it opens like a hideous octopus, its thin, hook-lined tentacles connected by a fleshy web.
As this lithe humanoid moves, its flesh shimmers and wavers, temporarily breaking apart into motes of shimmering light.
Ash and embers encrust the smoldering humanoid frame of this imperious, dragon-winged devil.
At first glance, this creature appears to be a mischievously smiling young child with bright red hair clad only in a grass skirt. A closer look reveals goblinoid ears and a mouth full of pointed teeth.
At first glance, this creature resembles a dragon, but its body is entirely made of plants and soil, and it exhales clouds of dirt.
At the core of this multi-limbed monstrosity of claws and blades struggles a glistening mass of veins, organs, and twisted flesh.
At the heart of each of these tiny blobs of slime and tentacles is a single, eerily human eye.
Attired in various hides and with pauldrons made from the tusks of a mammoth, this towering, one-eyed humanoid wields an equally massive flat club.
Barely contained in thick glass, this deformed humanoid creature wriggles in its jar.
Barely knee-high, this small creature looks like a hairy old man with more beard than flesh.
Barely seen out of the corner of the eye, this wisp of shadow is vaguely humanoid in outline and writhes with unholy life.
Barely thicker than hempen rope, this orange-banded worm stretches many feet in length.
Bathed in sickly green flames, this insubstantial specter of a beautiful young woman floats just off the ground.
Batlike wings stretch behind this stone-faced creature with a wide, wild grin and fierce red eyes. The molten core in the creature’s torso glows through rugged cracks in its dark stone skin.
Beating its powerful wings, this massive multicolored bird circles purposefully. Its eyes are pits of greenish flame and its radiant feathers cause it to soar in stark relief against the comparably dull sky.
Before you stands a noble mount with a proud and regal bearing. It has the strong body of a mule, pure white in color, with shining black hooves and the glittering, iridescent wings and tail of a peacock. With a dignified bow of its richly adorned human head, it spreads its powerful wings wide in a fan of shimmering colors.
Beneath a crown of antlers, this centaurlike creature blends the upper body of a humanoid with the lower body of a majestic elk.
Beneath its cloak, this man-shaped creature appears to be part statue and part metallic machine.
Beneath ragged shreds, this lean figure’s chalky skin darkens to charred hues at the extremities.
Beneath this sleek gray shark’s unusually shaped head, a disproportionately small mouth flashes with razor-sharp teeth.
Bestial tusks jut from the jaw of this hunched-over giant. It is clad in armor patched together from the bones of past victims.
Between this dragon’s jet-black scales run glowing rivulets of lava, and veins aglow with heat shine in the membranes of its wings.
Birdlike wings covered with autumnal leaves instead of feathers extend from the back of this regal, elf-like humanoid.
Bits of broken weapons, coins, and a partially digested skeleton are visible inside this quivering cube of slime.
Bits of feather and flesh buzz around this swarm of rotting
 ravens like flies, countless lifeless eyes staring out from the chaos.
Black and yellow stripes cover this winged insect’s bulbous abdomen, which ends in a dagger-sized stinger.
Black feathers cover this crow-headed humanoid, and its hands and legs end in powerful talons.
Black rosettes and streaks mark the brown fur of this slender feline.
Black spines run down the length of this lanky, reptilian creature’s back, and short wings protrude from its hunched shoulders.
Black, chitinous armor covers this enormous insectile creature. Caustic saliva drips from its mandibles.
Bladed whips and spiked chains sprout from the stumps of this humanoid torso’s amputated limbs. Elongated saw blades loll out of its distended mouth.
Bladelike horns jut from the snout and eye ridges of this toothy, bipedal dinosaur.
Blasphemous pages cloak this creature’s gaunt, winged form. Within its depthless hood burns a vortex of otherworldly flame.
Blood-red spines run the length of this frightening creature, which resembles a lobster in the front and an eel in the back.
Blue-skinned and draped in revealing attire, this humanoid fiend has a sultry gaze suggesting all manner of debased pleasures.
Blustering winds and snow swirl around this white, almost transparent feylike phantom.
Bobbing along the surface of the water is a patch of oily blackness, like a piece of the night sky afloat on the waves. Vaguely discernable are lumps and protrusions, as if it were a tangle of bracken and flotsam. It has a slight sheen and, most disturbingly of all, seems to be floating along against the current.
Bone-studded joints and gangly, twisted limbs mark this heap of orc-shaped flesh.
Bony plates cover the upper body of this dragon. Its lower frame has a glassy sheen, and bone wings protrude from its back.
Bright colors and patterns shine on the fur of this long-nosed, rodent-like creature, and glorious wings hold it aloft.
Bright green and coated in an opaque yellow slime, this squirming mass of segmented worms leaves a trail of hissing melted stone slag in its wake.
Bright red and coated in an opaque yellow slime, this monstrous worm has a menacing pair of barbed mandibles.
Bright, shining copper scales run from the horn-crowned head to the ridged tail of this long-winged dragon.
Brilliant blue scales mottled with purple blotches cover this sinuous creature’s body. Its shifting hide forms the shapes of laughing faces.
Bristling with spiny ridges, coral horns, and needle-sharp teeth, this menacing biped seems to have emerged from some poisoned sea.
Bristling with terrible spines and a crown of deadly horns, this leering winged terror wields a whirling barbed chain.
Broad hawk wings support this creature with the torso of a bronze-skinned human and the lower body of a tawny, bipedal lion.
Broad, powerful muscles move beneath this massive bear’s brown fur, promising both speed and lethal force.
Built like a small badger, this creature has black fur with white stripes running from its face to its fluffy tail, which is raised in warning.
Built of fire and magma, this short humanoid radiates intense heat that causes the air around it to shimmer.
Built of steel and clockwork, this massive figure has the lower body of an elephant and the upper body of a four-armed giant.
Bulbous eyes glare atop this creature’s decidedly toad-like head. A multitude of warts and bumps decorate its greenish skin.
Bundles of viscera hang from the hundreds of levitating eyes in this mass. Jagged teeth protrude from each eyelid, forming makeshift fanged maws.
Burning with a wispy blue-and-purple flame, this ghostly creature has a roughly humanoid shape and stands nearly ten feet tall.
Buzzing with an ear-shattering drone, this cloud is full of particularly vicious-looking locusts.
Carved from gray stone, this enormous figure is shaped like the head of some primordial giant.
Cerulean light surrounds this towering four-armed figure in a
vibrant corona.
Chains and piercings torture this being’s bloodless flesh. The greatest violations invade its face and mouth.
Chunks of rock spin about a humanoid form of vibrant green light.
Clad in beautiful armor, this exotically garbed giant roars, its tusks glistening and its eyes afire with murderous intent.
Clad in black leather, this woman has pale skin and bloody holes where her eyes used to be.
Clad in bloodstains, ivory fetishes, and animal hides, this apelike priest’s regalia speaks to the horrible powers it serves.
Clad in hides and furs, this creature appears to be a small,
 ugly woman whose hair, claws, and teeth crackle with sparks of
 electricity. Her windswept hair billows up from her brow like an
 enormous thunderhead.
Clad in ragged black robes and tarnished armor, this grim, headless rider is surrounded by an aura of menace.
Clad in the finest silks, this noblewoman has cheeks that are flush with vitality, though her eyes speak to great age and danger.
Clad in the shreds of its original garments, this withered and
leathery corpse has dark, empty eye sockets.
Claws the size of rowboats dominate the form of this massive crab. Barnacles and sea grass cling to the creature’s thick shell.
Clear, flowing water forms the arms and the lower half of this angelic, elflike being.
Cloaked by wings of darkness, this horrific, skeletal creature appears to burn from within.
Cloaked in shadows, every curve and sculpted muscle of this creature suggests some new gasping pleasure or titillating torture.
Clothed in loose robes and wearing jewelry, this one-eyed giant appears to hold a high station.
Clothed in verdant lichen and flowers of broom, meadowsweet, and oak, this shapely maiden has skin of velvety moss and living grass for hair. An eldritch serenity graces her countenance as she approaches, her outstretched, root-like hands brushing the tips of the tallest grass—the wind itself whispers around her feet as patches of clover, heather, and milkweed mark her every step.
Clouds trail from the edges of this graceful, nearly fanciful creature in hypnotizing patterns.
Cogs and gears are visible in the gaps of this metallic creature’s armor. It wields a polearm as it stands ready at attention.
Coiling around several human skeletons, this wet green plant’s sickly flowers smoke with a nasty yellow vapor.
Colors dance over this serpentine creature’s scales. A strange crown of energy glows above the thing’s reptilian head.
Composed of half-formed body parts, this creature stands on two bizarre legs. Its mouth is full of jagged teeth and a slavering tongue.
Corded muscles ripple under this massive devil’s red skin as her black wings beat overhead and her black eyes smolder like coals.
Countless thousands of long-legged water bugs glide soundlessly over the surface of the water, skimming over it in a wave of twitching bodies.
Covered in a thick slime that constantly drips from its green scales, this serpentine creature has a humanoid head resembling that of an angry old man.
Covered in sleek black fur, this vaguely feline humanoid holds flickering flames in its clawed hand.
Covered with mossy growths and creeping vines, this towering creature glides effortlessly across the ground. A hood of damp moss and crusty bark conceals the monster’s face.
Cracked skin stretches across the body of this gangly humanoid creature. A crown of bone floats above its grotesque, misshapen head and its mouth is open in a silent scream.
Crafted of a strange, dull metal, this bulky construct stomps forward on stout, multi-jointed legs.
Creature Description
Crouched on six jointed metal legs, this large humanoid head crafted from polished marble gazes intently with its glowing green eyes.
Crowned with a wicked array of twisted horns, this wide-mouthed, spherical behemoth stands on four stout legs.
Crusted with rock, this immense skeletal figure flies swiftly through the air, strange gasses clinging to its nightmarish form.
Dancing in a wicked celebration, this slight humanoid is wrapped head to toe in dirty scraps of dark cloth.
Dangling chains cover the riveted iron body of this massive rhinoceros like thick, woolly fur. Its hollow eyes glow—windows into a mighty furnace—and smoke that smells suspiciously like burning flesh billows from its smokestack horns.
Dark pink flesh drawn tightly across its emaciated body, this being resembles a gaunt human stripped of its skin, its pulsing muscles completely exposed.
Dark scales marked with shining spots resembling stars cover this winged serpent. Faint red stripes span the length of its body.
Dead white scars and raw red flesh crisscross this creature’s scorched and sallow skin as though it has been flogged and branded a thousand times.
Deadly, wolf like teeth fill the mouth of this brawny fish.
Delicate antennae extend from the forehead of this lithe woman.
Dense, bony growths line the back of this bipedal predator. Between its gnashing, toothy underbite, scythe-like claws, and spiked tail, no part of this beast offers mercy.
Devoid of a head, or any features at all save for four short, clawed legs, this creature’s body looks like a large, glistening brain.
Dirty linen strips swathe this emaciated, once-noble figure from
head to toe. Its eyes burn with unholy light.
Disturbing tribal tattoos cover this red-eyed humanoid’s face, and his jagged teeth appear to have been filed down to points.
Double the size of a man at its shoulder, this creature looks like a gigantic, starving jackal, but from its back beat the tattered black wings of a monstrous bat. A canine head sprouts from where it would be natural for one to rest, but behind, where the creature’s tail should begin, instead sways the sleek, strong coils of a viper, ending in a fanged head that arcs over the monster’s back. Twin trails of thin smoke, like those from dying embers, rise from where the thing’s jackal eyes should be, roiling up from depthless hollows gaping in the horror’s snarling visage.
Doubtlessly once an impressive piece, time and cracks mar the sculpted stone visage of some sneering lord. Flecks of onyx glisten within its eyes, gazing across the gulf into ages past.
Dozens of antlers crown this slender biped’s masked head. Its wicked claws clutch a bloodstained sack.
Dozens of ghostly figures swirl and cavort, floating through the air as they follow the steps of an ancient, rhythmic dance— seemingly keeping time with the ebb and flow of life itself. Amid this eerie crowd of dancing specters looms a dark-cloaked figure wielding a scythe.
Dozens of long, sharp spines line the back and tail of this dark-gray cat.
Dozens of tiny globs of slime move on their own, acting as one being, alternately clinging to each other and separating in a riot of oozing momentum.
Dozens of weapons pierce this massive monster’s body. Red eyes glow with wickedness in its vulture-like head.
Draped in fine dark robes, this undead creature’s body seems to be made of equal parts bone, leathery flesh, and blood-red smoke.
Draped in rags and hunched over on goatlike legs, this creature possesses a featureless face, save for a large eye ringed by fangs.
Dressed entirely in gray worn robes, a tiny, otherworldly man
 stands cloaked in mysterious shadows, his head crowned by a
 mane of wild, fiery-orange hair and his green eyes gleaming
 with madness and delight.
Dressed in a long dark coat and a tall hat, this lanky, fanged humanoid exudes an almost palpable aura of horror.
Dressed in graveyard rags, this pitiful creature cries out like a sick child. An oversized, bestial head perches atop its spindly, child-sized body, and its eyes are nothing but sunken pools of shadow with no trace of life in them. A cloying mist wreathes its frail form, accompanied by the stench of death and disease.
Dressed in noble regalia, this humanoid creature of metal and wood has a piercing gaze.
Dressed in red robes like those of a monk, this little monster displays a sharp-toothed smile and flips a gold coin in its hand.
Dressed in tattered finery, this small, bald humanoid has a
 gaunt and haggard face with sallow skin drawn tight against
 its delicate bones. Its fingers and nails are unnaturally long and
 spidery, its teeth needle-sharp, and its body so thin it seems it
 could almost disappear if it turned sideways.
Droplets of a silvery gray, slightly grainy goo gleam dully as they hang in the air.
Dull, red eyes, grasping claws, and leathery wings give a demonic aspect to this creature’s smoky form.
Each member of this horde of blue crablike things is armed with a menacing, oversized pincer.
Eight pairs of crystalline legs support this enormous volcano. The volcano’s crater constantly spews smoke and roiling lava.
Eight spindly spider legs, flocked with coarse black hairs, stretch from the back of this otherwise beautiful black-haired woman.
Eight tentacles ending in claws grow from the base of this glistening and gruesome floating brain.
Eight tentacles, each adorned with rows of countless suckers, unfurl from the barrel-shaped body of this large-eyed creature.
Eighteen segmented legs support this long arthropod’s jet-black carapace, the front two of which are scythe-like claws, and its slender antennae end in glowing green bulbs.
Eldritch energy burns within the eyes of this humanoid figure. Strangely colored hair crowns her head like a torch, and gleaming white teeth shine from her grin. The creature cradles a pipe in her long, graceful fingers.
Electricity crackles and arcs from this undulating mass of orange slime.
Emerging from the open end of a long, conical shell, this huge creature’s unblinking eyes peer from above a mass of tentacles.
Empty eye sockets and jagged teeth punctuate the palpable hate that roils off this twisted, gray-skinned crone.
Empty eyes peer out from beneath the hood of this pale maiden’s patchwork cloak. Her hands hold what appear to be the shadowy silhouettes of scissors and a sewing needle.
Even hunched and creeping upon all fours, this reptilian behemoth towers over ten feet tall. Thick scales straining over overdeveloped muscles, the thing looks like a remnant from a primeval epoch, its jaw underslung and filled with protruding teeth while a spiked crest runs from its low forehead down its bent back and out to the tip of its powerful tail. Raising its heavy head, the brute’s nostrils flare wide and—blank white eyes narrowing—it shudders with a deep, reptilian sound, a noise somewhere between a growl and a hiss.
Every feather like a plate of shimmering armor and its beak the length and sharpness of a knight’s lance, this towering, ibis-like bird looks to be sculpted from silver and brass. Standing upon long legs ending in powerful metallic talons, its beady eyes dart about voraciously.
Every strip of this three-headed hound’s hide has been peeled away, leaving wet sinew and bulging tendons exposed.
Except for its head, this humanoid-shaped creature is composed entirely of twisting wooden vines, which thicken at its lower half to give it the appearance of wearing robes. Its head looks like a wooden full mask in the rough shape of an owl’s face, with actual owl feathers rising like a crown. The creature wields a thick staff or long club made of twisting vines. Both a crystal at the head of its weapon and the creature’s own wide eyes glow bright green.
Eyes the dead cast of onyx glare from beneath the legionnaire’s helmet worn by this ominous, black-winged angel.
Fashioned of jade and steel and wielding a gleaming katana, this mechanical samurai has six green gemstone eyes.
Fearsome bony growths protrude from several spots in this massive animal’s snowy fur.
Fiendish wings and a whipping scorpion-like tail lash behind this diminutive, red-skinned nuisance.
Filth and soot cover this large, emaciated humanoid’s pallid skin, and its beady black eyes glint with desperate hunger.
Filthy, reeking black rags wrap this small humanoid from head to toe, leaving only its hands and pale white nose visible.
Fire burns on the central horn and in the rheumy eyes of this bestial winged demon, who stands more than twice a human’s height.
Fire dances across the surface of this faceless construct and the crystal wand set into its chest.
Flecks of saliva drip from the corners of this filthy and ill-smelling humanoid, and his large pointed ears twitch at every sound.
Fossilized bones make up the body of this animated construct, from its horned shoulders to its tyrannosaur-skulled hands.
Foul liquid drips in equal measure from this scorpion-woman’s fearsome spear and tail stinger.
Foul-smelling fluids ooze from weeping sores across the scaly skin of this squat, powerful, and vaguely canine beast.
Four arms grace the torso of this towering monstrosity. The monster’s eyes shine with a mix of intelligence and cruelty.
Four bandy limbs, each splitting at the elbow into two three-fingered forearms, emerge from this creature’s crystalline body.
Four clawed arms sprout from this fiend’s chest like the limbs of a buried insect struggling to crawl free. Overlapping iridescent plates of chitin cascade down the monster’s back, shrouding four membranous dragonfly wings.
Four gray arms project from a swirling mass resembling a giant eye, from which a tail-like appendage dangles.
Four limbs—two black and two white—reach out from a swirling vortex of pulsing light and deep darkness.
Four long tentacles writhe from this three-eyed fish-like creature’s flanks, and its green body glistens with thick, clear slime.
Four massive claws extend from the coils of this gigantic serpent, each rivaling its monstrous draconic mouth in ferocity. Its skin pebbled like the sea bed, this dragon-like terror looks as if it could easily splinter even the sturdiest vessel.
Four tentacles stick out of a churning nucleus of multicolored fluid. Plates of rock and metal orbit the floating mass.
Frayed wires and broken-off protrusions sprout from mechanical construct’, and one of its salvaged arms ends in a spinning blade.
Fresh blood seeps from the cracks of this weathered but exquisitely detailed stone sculpture of a warrior woman.
From a body like a strange crab sprouts the torso of a praying mantis, clad in coral-colored crustacean armor. Swaying hypnotically, it rattles razor-sharp claws and raises its long, rapier-like tail stinger.
From his snow white beard and blue, frost-covered face to the wicked look in his frozen eyes, this little humanoid betrays a cruelty that only winter itself can match.
From the tip of its lashing tail to the serrated features of its fang-filled visage, this fiery-eyed sentinel bristles with barbs.
From the waist up, this icy creature’s features are humanoid, but below its body is a snake-like, slithering tail.
Fungus drips from this grotesque tree’s ridged bark as its branches wave like boneless arms.
Gangrenous wounds mar this dragon’s twisted body.
Garbed in tattered robes, this emaciated humanoid creature stares out with unblinking white eyes. In one hand, he clutches a great blade, while his other hand holds an idol of some fell power.
Gaunt and parched, this crone-like figure moves with the predatory jerkiness of a hunting vulture. Unnaturally tall and lean, her form is all cracked flesh and stony crevices spanning a wasteland of withered gray flesh. Shattered black teeth jut from a chapped, lipless mouth that stretches beneath a high, scarred brow devoid of nose or eyes.
Ghostly vapors wisp around a tattered scarecrow and move it like a puppet.
Gleaming gears whir and buzz in an orchestra of motion whenever this red-eyed steed moves.
Gliding gracefully through the water on wing-like fins, this large ray scoops up tiny morsels in its wide mouth.
Glittering jewels encrust this leering skull as it floats up into the air on a swirling vortex of dust and shimmering magic.
Glossy eyespots bulge from the neck of this long-limbed figure. Jagged teeth line the open mouth in its chest.
Glowing motes of electricity dance over this massive ursine creature’s hairless hide.
Glowing-hot plates of iron cover the head of this immense, primordial lungfish, and lava spills from between its jagged teeth.
Gnoll barbarians feed off one another’s rage, and use pack tactics to savage their enemies.
Golden scales cover the body of this majestic dragon, and a regal crest of horns arches backward above wise and piercing eyes.
Gore stains this creature’s tattered clothes, grimly appropriate garments for the rotting corpse inside.
Grasping arms emerge from a tangled cluster of debris and mechanical parts. A metal skull hovers above the clanging mess.
Grimacing like a maniac, this lean little bat-eared horror displays a mouth full of needle-like teeth and glowing, orange eyes.
Grisly fetishes and the rags of once fine clothes hang off the corpse-thin frame of this horrifying, sharp-fanged crone.
Growing from the back of a horselike beast is the torso of a sea
 hag with grossly elongated arms and large, clawed hands. Its
 tangled web of stringy hair does not hide the disturbing fact that
 the hideous creature has no skin, and is built of gore and viscera.
Hair like rotting seaweed drapes this ancient witch. Loose, algae-colored skin sags off her starved frame.
Half crawling, half assaulting the earth, a mad-eyed amalgamation of deformed limbs, misplaced features, and jutting bone shards pulls itself forward amid a nauseating cacophony of slapping flesh and overworked digestive organs. All the characteristics of a humanoid project from the thing’s quivering trunk, but each feature is malformed, worked into a shape of absolute grotesqueness, and set above a wave of muscular tendrils. Its smashed, stretched visage rising to ponder something only it can see, a crazed glimmer lights in its uneven eyes and, letting the fanged gash that serves as its mouth fall open, the abomination looses a terrible gurgling scream.
Half-formed eyes, toothless mouths, gaping throats, and countless other malformed organs constantly form and dissolve over this monster’s surface.
Half-hidden by rotting vegetation and moldering wood towers a hulking brute, a savage giant the color of stagnant swamp water. Animal bones, filthy skins, and crude wooden fetishes barely cover its brutish frame, and two piercing white eyes stare hungrily from beneath a sloped brow.
Haphazard in its creation, this mechanical creature has the shape of a goblin wielding a dogslicer.
Harsh flourishes decorate the armor of this ironclad giant, as though it were the war regalia of some merciless warlord.
Heart-shaped leaves and drooping clusters of purple and pink flowers emitting a faint scent of honey and fruit drape over the bone-white trees of a dead grove buried under heavy vines.
Heat ripples the air near this squat, brass-skinned humanoid. Its head and shoulders blaze with a mane of fire.
Held aloft by four great feathered wings, this hawk-faced fiend has a scorpion’s tail and carries a black metal scepter.
Hissing green acid drips from the fanged maw of this black-scaled, horned dragon.
Hissing menacingly, this mass of snakes resembles a pile of slithering tentacles.
Hissing poison drips from the many-fanged maw of this monstrous serpent. Its body like that of some gigantic venomous snake, this sinister wyrm-like beast undulates with frightening speed, and two pairs of lean wings rise from the base of a thick neck supporting a powerful, draconic visage.
Holding a massive battleaxe and shield, this tall, helmed warrior is grim and fierce.
Holding its own severed head in its hands, this tall marble statue looms stern and forbidding over its domain.
Hordes of swarming locusts coalesce to make up the form of a humanoid woman carrying a scythe, a demonic symbol emblazoned on her chest.
Horns jut from this muscular dragon’s beaked head, and spikes cover the dragon’s hide even in places on its winged arms.
Horrid shapes form within this cloying green mist, which pulses sporadically and with seeming voracity.
Human-sized and of a deathly blue color, this long-taloned skeletal creature is partially encased in jagged sheets of ice.
Hunched and feral, this furred, hyena-headed humanoid stands slightly taller than the average human.
Hundreds of high-pitched squeaks fill the air as a mass of small, carnivorous bats surges forth, all of them hungry for blood.
Hundreds of legs support this hulking, bruise-colored worm.
Hundreds of long but thin blood-red petals form a spherical shape atop the central stem of this plant monster. A pair of stout vine-like appendages sprout from either side of its central mass.
Hundreds of tiny, hairless, reddish-hued monkeys burst from the thick jungle canopy. All at once, they’re climbing every tree, swinging from every branch, covering every inch of the ground. Their mouths seem permanently open in a yowling shriek, a cacophony of rage only half as fearsome as their tiny, bulbous black eyes.
Hundreds of twisted, distorted faces roil in a miserable cloud, screaming of their unquiet deaths.
Hundreds of wads of squirming flesh with flailing appendages move together in a cluster of teeth and claws.
Immense almost beyond belief, this sleek, midnight-black shark rises from the sea like an unholy island heaved up from below.
Immense in size, this great squid’s tentacles writhe and flash with almost nauseating speed. The beast’s eyes are as big as shields.
Impeccably dressed and bedecked in exotic jewelry, this fiend holds an ornate saber in its backward-facing hands.
In place of legs, this handsome humanoid sports an octopus’s eight writhing tentacles.
In the midst of a swirling cloud of desiccated ashes is the vague shape of a humanoid, with hollow, unblinking eyes that flicker like dying embers.
Instead of legs, this bald, emaciated humanoid has a second set of long, muscular arms and a leathery flap covering its face.
Interlocking plates of chitin cover this massive, six-legged beast’s face like a jagged mask.
Iridescent spines cover the back of this enormous, long-legged worm. Writhing tentacles sprout from its throat, below a circular, toothy maw dripping with luminescent spittle.
It is almost too enormous to comprehend: a titan nightmare clad in blood-red armor, a typhoon of grasping claws and toxic stings. Its legs are shuddering pylons, trees whose trunks bear bark of polished chitin. Its eyes are faceted crystal domes, lit from within by angry volcanic fire. Yet when the behemoth walks, its body moves with a silence made all the more horrific by the impossibility of its size.
It suddenly becomes clear that this is no ordinary pumpkin-headed scarecrow when its eyes glow and it comes to jerky life.
Its body seemingly made of iron, this shapely feminine form has wrists pierced by chains that end in curved blades.
Its body twisted and deformed, this lumbering giant has tiny eyes and a mouth of jagged teeth presented in a furious roar.
Its coat shining vividly, this majestic tiger looks exotic and otherworldly. It gazes with piercing yellow eyes and stands calmly, as though fearless.
Its flesh pallid and a parchment burial prayer hanging from its brow, this risen corpse lurches forward in a series of short hops.
Its head the skull of a caribou, this humanoid has wicked claws, and wears wrappings of ragged fur adorned with scrimshaw talismans.
Its parchment-colored scales rustling like dry leaves, this dragon seems unusually attentive, as if always on the lookout.
Its slick skin a mottled pattern of bright colors, this agile, frog-like humanoid carries a bow and wears leather armor.
Its slime-drenched length coiled upon itself in a shuddering mountain, this huge worm’s tentacled head rises like a snake’s.
Its stooped stance evoking a gorilla-like frame, this massive beast has six tiny eyes and atrophied wings.
Ivory tusks, insect chitin, matted fur, scaly flesh, and more combine to form a hideous humanoid shape.
Jade armor covers this lean albino humanoid, and her pale eyes have an eerie gleam.
Jagged bits of metal, armor, and sharp pieces of wire embed the
 flesh of this towering fiend.
Jagged cracks and pebbled growths mar the surface of this three-eyed giant’s rocky skin, making it appear to have burst forth from rugged stone.
Jagged markings decorate the body of this human-sized shark. A multitude of stains on its large teeth tell of the frequency and ferocity with which it uses its bite.
Jagged scales cover this lean humanoid’s sculpted skin, glinting as it soars upon a disk of radiant energy.
Jagged, twisting antlers of dark blue ice crown the helm of this ice-armored humanoid figure.
Knee-high to a human, this large-headed creature has an almost manically friendly look on its expressive face.
Knots of dark, moldering hair spill over the features of this sickly, thin, green-skinned crone.
Large as a dragon, this shark’s jaws open to reveal a cavernous, tooth-lined gullet capable of swallowing a horse whole.
Large tendrils ending in tiny claws unfurl from the central stalk of this plant, which rises like a serpent ready to strike.
Large, deep-set eyes peer from beneath this great ape’s thick brow as it lumbers forward on its legs and knuckles.
Larger than an elephant, this scaly, bird-like creature has a vaguely horse-like head and vast, slime-encrusted wings.
Larger than an elephant, this towering insectile nightmare wields a scythe made of bone. Its wings are swarms of biting flies, and its inhuman eyes glitter with cruel intelligence.
Lashing furiously, this semi-gelatinous abomination surges forward upon a wave of tentacular legs. These artery-like legs knot into a single stalk capped by a bulbous, fleshy head dominated by a huge mouth and a yawning, empty eyesocket. The thing’s disgusting trunk and head float within a transparent body of vein-riddled ooze, like a gigantic jellyfish.
Layers of translucent, shimmering fins flow along this fishman’s spindly body. Tentacles curl below its stately mouth, and its humanlike hands and feet end in stubby but sharp claws.
Leadership of an orc tribe or horde falls not to the smartest or most canny, but to the strongest.
Lean and graying but still blessed with a young man’s face, this aging centaur bristles with scrolls and wands. Winding, swirling tattoos climb across his body and face.
Light shimmers across this humanoid figure’s bare golden skin, illuminating regal features.
Light spills out through cracks in this humanoid being’s clothing and armor, and its four wings are composed of wispy blue light.
Lighting crackles in the eyes of this enormous bull, whose body seems composed of dark storm clouds.
Like a cloud of black dust, a swirling swarm of insects hovers in the air. From within comes the low, droning buzz of thousands of tiny flies.
Like a deranged caterpillar of grinding metal and protruding
 turrets, this massive armored vehicle dominates the battlefield,
 spitting hot lead and artillery—seemingly without a crew.
Like a living volcanic eruption, the sheer massiveness of this titan defies all reason. Monstrously shaped in part like a gigantic, terrible centipede and in part like some primeval, wingless dragon, this living holocaust is completely armored over in plates of angry, obsidian-sharp magma. Two massive claws like insectile scythes sheer before the burning terror as is skitters forth in rapid bursts of motion, leaving only flames and barren earth smoldering in its wake.
Like a pestilent black tide, a ravenous horde of thousands of tiny, clacking cockroaches washes over everything in its path.
Like some miniscule, wicked old man, this snarling little humanoid wears metal boots and a blood-red pointed cap.
Like some taut pustule ready to burst, this mobile wound scuttles on a bristle of slick hairs.
Like the darkness of the deepest abyss come to terrifying life, this gigantic dragon-serpent moves with deadly silence. Two rockcrushing forelimbs extend from its serpentine body and shadowy wings eclipse all in its path. A many horned visage glares down with glowing golden eyes, while two smaller snake-like heads sway upon dark, serpentine necks.
Lithe and beautiful, this half-bee, half-woman creature wears elaborate makeup and wields an ornate staff.
Lithe and beautiful, with skin the color of marble, this being hovers upon powerful, white wings and radiates a sense of serenity.
Little about this enormous toad is ordinary, from its graceful wings to its colorful purple and pink skin to its bright, shining eyes.
Little can be seen of this fiend, its body cloaked in a shroud of perpetually shifting, ghastly illusions and phantasms. Beneath its shimmering veil, it has glossy black flesh, a bleached white face, and twisted horns. Its long caiman muzzle perpetually gapes, but other than that, its face is void of sensory organs, save for two orbs that move below the surface of its flesh. This creature flows rather than moves, and its flexible body lacks a definite skeletal structure except for a long, bony tail.
Long and metallic, this serpentine construction resembles a mechanical eel with several paddle-like limbs.
Long spines jut from the head and neck of this red-scaled iguana, and fire trickles from its open mouth.
Long spines jut from the legs and back of this enormous cricket.
Long-necked and long-tailed, this large, predatory reptile glides through the water on four powerful flippers.
Loose robes conceal the sand-etched features of this lanky giant. In each hand he grips a scimitar nearly the length of a human.
Made of polished iron, this mighty golem resembles a keen-eyed dwarf. It carries a warhammer and a shield bearing Torag’s symbol.
Made of polished silvery metal, this immense humanoid construct moves with shocking grace and speed.
Made of what appears to be burnished brass, this construct resembles a suit of armor with a glowing glass orb for an eye.
Majestic and graceful, this powerful animal has branching antlers atop it head.
Majestic in manner, this woman is clad in ornate plate armor and has a haunted look deep in her eyes.
Malice oozes from this stout, hunched predator. A ruff of dirty feathers adorns its hairless, muscular body just below its crocodilian skull.
Masses of carrion and debris break the inky surface of this
enormous, undulating sludge.
Massive and blacker than the darkest depths of the sea, this colossal watery form glares with two immense, hate-filled eyes.
Massive even by cyclops standards, this imposing warrior wears the skulls of his victims and wields a terrible club.
Masterfully carved, this elegant jade figurine stands no more than a hand’s breadth tall, yet its delicate limbs and incredible details bear all the features of a seductive maiden cast in miniature.
Matching the color of snow and ice, this menacing creature stands on four pointed legs like those of an insect. A conical head ringed with tiny eyes and sporting gnashing teeth sits atop this creature’s humanoid torso.
Materializing out of a noxious black cloud, this beast has the head of a fanged monkey and the body of a tiger with a viper as a tail.
Merging the features of a horse and human, this monstrosity has an equine snout, sharp fangs, and long forelimbs with clawed fingers.
Merging the most horrifying features of carrion-fed insect and withered cadaver, this bony devil moves in unsettling lurches.
Metallic plating and stone make up this creature’s body. Sharpened brass wings stretch from its back, and its head bears three faces.
Miscellaneous bits of rusted machinery are fused to the body of this shambling corpse.
Mismatched eyes dot this plant creature’s thick mushroom cap, while below works an overlarge maw set with pale fungal teeth.
Monstrous black-feathered wings cloak this leanly muscled, onyx-skinned humanoid.
More than a dozen segmented black legs propel this giant, caterpillar-like insect, its thick head dominated by a pair of powerful, gnashing pincers.
Moss and lichen grow from the shaggy back of this boar-like animal. Its curving claws and prehensile tail hold it in the trees.
Moving with deadly grace, this brutal, thickly furred humanoid figure’s head is that of a lioness with dead black eyes.
Moving with the fluid grace of a predatory animal, this large robot’s sports an array of dangerous weaponry.
Multiple angry snake-like heads rise from the sleek, serpentine body of this terrifying monster.
Muscle holds together the large bones that form the hull of this ship. Rotting sails hang from masts crafted from gigantic spines.
Muscles like iron bands ripple beneath the flesh of this enormous pig. A second set of tusks curls up from its jaw, guarding its eyes.
Muscular, bald, and tall, this humanoid creature has emerald skin and two pairs of shining, white-feathered wings.
Mushroom caps and mold sprout from the pallid skin of this lithe female figure, and spores waft from her fungal gills.
Nearly invisible in its surroundings, this scaly lizard’s eyes dart about independently of each other.
Neither quite bear nor bull nor serpent, this immense, six-legged creature is bound in chains and covered with scintillating red scales.
Neither quite humanoid nor quite toad, this lumbering monstrosity maintains a malevolent expression on its batlike face.
Nestled in a massive spiraled armored shell, this clockwork creature has several dozen grasping tentacles surrounding its octopus-like beak.
No loving god would craft this man’s malformed limbs and jagged teeth. His clothes and oversized hammer follow the same ill-measured design.
No ordinary bovine, this hulking beast has bloodstained horns and sharpened teeth. Its eyes show a malign intelligence.
No true form can be detected, yet a sense of force and hulking malevolence is undeniable in this creature’s presence.
Not quite sea serpent or dragon, this vicious beast is covered with shiny blue-green scales. Its arms serve as both wings and flippers.
Obese and reeking of the swamp, this ogre-tainted woman nonetheless projects an aura of animal magnetism. Her long hair drags in the mud.
On lean limbs the color of spilt blood creeps a being of sinister grace. Eyes like embers and a sneer full of needle-thin teeth gleam from an unmistakably fiendish visage. A pair of crimson wings sprout from the back of the hairless humanoid form, fluttering silently like an assassin’s cloak, while in one hand it clutches the twisted, dagger-like horn of some infernal terror.
Once a beautiful celestial with the torso of a winged woman and a snakelike body below, this creature is a mess of blood and scars.
Once fine robes hang in tatters from this withered corpse’s frame. A pale blue light shines from where its eyes should be.
One arm of this six-limbed clockwork construct ends in a broad fist, and the other extends into an articulated metal lash.
One bleached-bone hand of this robed, skeletal figure grasps a massive, curved scythe.
One half of this creature is a nude woman, and the other is the front end of a slithering, winged dragon.
One of this metallic humanoid’s four arms ends in the barrel of a large-bore rifle, while another ends in a spinning circular blade. Its final two arms grasp a massive chainsaw.
One of this slim construct’s arms ends in a whirling clockwork pistol, and a crystalline hourglass fits snugly between its pectoral armor plates.
Only this shadowy bat-winged demon’s teeth and claws have any sense of physicality to them—the rest is lost in darkness.
Ophidian imagery decorates the fine robes of this sinuous, fanged humanoid, and a narrow, forked tongue flicks from its serpentine head.
Ornate armor covers this hulking creature, rocky protrusions jutting from its hide and fierce horns crowning its broad head.
Pale and bloodless, a brutally decapitated corpse lurches forth. Where a head should be instead lashes a forest of horrific, unnatural tentacles, whipping as though trying to simultaneously burrow deeper into and escape from its fleshy husk.
Pale and glistening with moisture, this sluglike creature stares vacantly as a droning moan escapes its slobbering lips.
Pale and round-bodied, this giant spider is the size of a large dog. Its crimson eyes glitter with malign intelligence.
Pale green metal makes up the body of this automaton. Despite its towering size, it moves with lithe quickness.
Pale skin and dark features frame this starkly beautiful creature, which is surrounded by a palpable aura of death.
Pallid and horribly gaunt, this enormous but emaciated dragonlike creature has two forearms and no wings.
Patches of fur cover the sickly flesh of this gangly, muscular, hyena-headed biped. Its swollen eyes blaze with madness.
Patchy, matted fur covers this mutated, hyena-headed monster, and acidic green drool pours from its ravenous maw.
Pearlescent, membranous wings hold this small insectile woman aloft in the air. She peers through red multifaceted eyes, and her tough, sharp-edged tongue resembles a proboscis.
Perched on the prickly legs of a cricket, this tiny creature has gossamer wings and the upper body of an elven woman.
Piercing yellow eyes gaze from the mossy skull of this ivy-covered skeleton. Where bones should be, gnarled roots grow, and tangles of vines hang from its moldering chest like spilt viscera.
Planted in soil fertilized with corpses, this giant, blood-red flower is surrounded by prickly vines.
Plants and even trees grow atop the shell of this massive tortoise, which gazes about with dull, placid eyes.
Plates of mismatched metal cover gaps in the burnished brass armor encasing this construct. Exposed wires hang from its creaking joints, and its glowing glass eye appears to be cracked.
Polished stones form the soulless eyes of this small yet bizarrely crafted wooden effigy. Shaped into the form of some inscrutable deity or spirit, its exotically carved features contort in a primeval scowl.
Portions of this three-stalked fungoid monster’s body seem to fade in and out of sight. A large maw gapes along its entire front.
Powerful black wings beat from the back of this large ape, which carries a wickedly curved sword in its simian hands.
Powerful muscles ripple beneath the golden fur of this small yet fearsome eight-legged beast.
Powerfully corded muscles ripple beneath the ebon flesh of this strange, sleek feline. Similar in shape to an oversized panther, the lean beast’s forelegs stretch farther than those to the rear, each ending in powerful claws. Rather than ears, curling tendrils flit at the sides of its head. Most distinctive, though, are the twin tentacles rising from the beast’s shoulders, powerful appendages that slice through the air like living whips and terminate in clusters of thin spines.
Prominent tusks and unruly green fur mark this fearsome creature as a troll despite its small size. It hangs overhead, swinging between its oversized forearms and lashing, claw-tipped tail.
Puffs of steam, quiet hissing, and a whirring of gears accompany this massive metal dragon.
Purple tentacles emerge from a white, coral-like rock formation, tracing whirled patterns in the surrounding sand.
Quivering with heat and barely restrained might, this monstrous, pig-faced titan looms taller than a city wall. Girded in fiendishly etched armor too small for its incredible corpulence, rolls of densely muscled hide spill forth in a flamered avalanche. Gnashing its many-tusked teeth and clutching a wicked military fork, the terrible giant rumbles as if preparing to roar or scream.
Ragged wounds on one side of this leather-clad humanoid’s face and body mark the transition between flesh and shifting shadowstuff.
Raiment made from monstrous sea creatures conceals the sallow complexion and strange sores of this sickly gillman. Abnormal muscles and joints flex just beneath his flesh.
Ram horns curl back from the twisted head of this tiny winged demon, and its body is thin and wiry.
Rattling with each stride, this looming, horned, skeletal figure clutches a wicked staff. A seething glow burns in its eye sockets.
Razor-sharp leaves dripping in blood span the length of this cornstalk, while a snakelike root digs into the soft ground.
Razor-sharp teeth line the huge mouth of this bloated, slimecovered amphibian. A glittering, luminescent organ suspended by a fleshy tether hangs like a lantern above its head.
Reaching hands, a fierce and eerie visage, and a powerfully abrasive stench all stem from this hissing cloud of churning gases.
Reddish pus oozes from the stained, ochre hide of this immense worm. Thousands of forms wriggle beneath its translucent skin, causing the skin to ripple in a roiling, sickening motion.
Resembling a bestial ogre with great tusks and thick, bristly hair, this brute seems quite nimble despite its cloven hooves.
Resembling a filthy owl with the gangly long legs of a stork, this almost comically ugly bird has piercing black eyes and emits an annoying screech.
Resembling a gaunt humanoid from the waist up and a fleshy insect from the waist down, this child-sized creature has enormous black eyes and a large jaw with a lolling tongue. It wears a crown made of humanoid teeth and clutches a tooth-studded scepter.
Resembling a small, half-starved wolf, this canine stares with deep intensity and undeniable hunger.
Resembling an enlarged brain with an atrophied humanoid body attached, this floating creature pulses with energy.
Resembling an unearthed vein of dull gray minerals, this crude, hunchbacked humanoid figure uses its arms to support itself.
Robed in silk and its own regal wings, this humanoid assays its surroundings with the lethal detachment of the owl it resembles.
Rolling and twitching like a massive wad of translucent ooze, this crimson blob reaches out amorphous pseudopods in all directions.
Rolling upon powerful spines and folds of its own corpse-white bulk, this huge, bile-slick maggot blindly gnashes a maw full of spiny ridges, devouring all that falls within its path.
Roots and branches twist across this oddly proportioned creature to form knots of muscle. Its eyes burn like embers.
Ropes of fungus and patches of sickly mold cover this wan satyr.
Rotting vestments hang across the withered flesh of this walking corpse, and its mouth hangs open in a silent scream.
Rows of crystal spheres line the back of this four-legged robot. A single glowing eye sits in the middle of its head.
Save for the tattered wings and taloned feet, this creature resembles a feral woman with a wild look about her.
Scales the color of emeralds armor this ferocious dragon. A single sharp horn protrudes from the end of its toothy snout.
Scars and tattoos intersect across this glowering scorpion-bodied man, and his muscles strain against the leather of his armor.
Scars cover the twisted and grotesque body of this demon, its skin stained the color of blood.
Scraping its barbed forelimbs across its head’s filth-encrusted hairs, this gigantic fly stares mindlessly with terrible multifaceted eyes. It moves in jerks and twitches, wings buzzing unnervingly as it dances in anticipation of impending corpses to feed upon.
Screeches and bestial calls precede this pack of monkeys, each primate propelling itself forward on calloused knuckles.
Sculpted from bronze in the form of a large humanoid head, this creature perches on six mechanical legs, its eyes intermittently shining with an orange glow.
Sculpted from ivory in the form of a large skull, this construct perches on six segmented legs of whitened bone.
Seeming to phase in and out of existence, this ophidian creature has a great striped hood like a cobra.
Seemingly carved from a dark gray stone, this sinister crouching humanoid resembles a horned, winged demon.
Seemingly fused with a monstrous iron throne, this impossibly corpulent being floats several feet off the ground.
Seemingly human at first glance, this feathered woman conceals wings beneath a heavy cloak.
Seemingly one with the forest, this tall man is dressed in the browns and greens of a woodsman and sports a pair of stag’s antlers upon his brow.
Seeping spines cover the inky scales of this long, sinuous beast, its twin serpent heads writhing at the ends of its swaying necks.
Set atop spoked wheels, this huge contraption has two hinged arms that appear to be designed to shovel rocks into its open maw. Gleaming drills set around the construct’s base look like they could easily break apart stone, and a gleaming scope of dark-hued glass projects from the end of a jointed arm.
Several water-dripping tentacles sprout from this four-eyed fish’s belly, while long fins protrude from its back.
Shadows veil what lurks within the dark, imposing armor of this figure, though two piercing eyes gaze from its closed visor.
Shards of broken manacles, links of chain, and iron flails are
 imbedded in this hideous, human-sized man’s ruddy flesh.
 Rivulets of congealing blood run from its soaked cap down its
 mangled face and neck, soaking its tangled white beard; in its
 arms looms a rusty but clearly sharp scythe.
Sharp quills cover this bright yellow, six-legged animal, and its long, twitching snout probes the air around it.
Sharp teeth fill this large, feral ape’s mouth, and its long, muscular arms stretch to the ground, ending in wickedly curved claws.
Shedding a warm and calming radiance, this orb of light moves with a preternatural silence and otherworldly grace.
Shimmering knots whirl and twist around a shining nucleus in this mound of golden-yellow slime.
Short and pudgy, this raccoonlike humanoid wields a stout quarterstaff and weaves a little as if intoxicated.
Short legs and overlarge ears make this broad-chested canine seem almost comical.
Short, thin, and green, this small humanoid wields a spear. Tendrils of fungus dangle from its arms, midsection, and legs.
Shreds of leathery flesh cling to this skeletal figure’s body, while twin motes of fiery light glow deep in its eye sockets.
Shrouded in a dark cloak, this featureless humanoid has four forearms that each split off at the elbow, and an eye on each of its eight palms.
Shrouded in tattered leather robes, this strange humanoid looks more alien and horrific the more one studies its twitching visage.
Silken robes drape this androgynous fiend’s form, providing only an outline of the body beneath. Claw-tipped tentacles emerge from the cuffs, clutching wands and soul gems, while below its robe’s margins, its multiple-jointed legs—almost like a reptilian insect’s—end in clawed, three-toed chitinous feet. Its face remains perpetually covered by a dark veil, and a trio of long, forked tongues periodically emerges from its rounded mouth and tastes the air around its thin lips.
Silver-white hair the color of a lightning strike whips about this poised elf-like archer, his eyes swirling with vibrant colors.
Silvery armor in the shape of a powerful ram barely contains the brilliant radiance shining from within it, and curling, steel horns emerge from its helm.
Similar to other whales in many ways, this giant aquatic beast is notable for its enormous teeth, menacingly strong jaws, and blood-red skin.
Simple but elegant robes drape over this gray-furred, trunked quadruped, and its kind gaze suggests a gentle wisdom.
Six powerful legs, each ending in a hooked claw, jut from the shieldlike body of this massive insect.
Skin pale as a slug’s belly, eyes huge and bulging, this thing crawls down the wall like a spider, but its shape is hideously humanoid.
Skin the color of thunderheads and wings made for soaring through the most violent winds mark this lean, cyclopic being as a master of terrible storms. The sound of shrieking wind emanates from its mouth full of needle-sharp teeth.
Slender spines and brightly colored frills stretch back from the humanlike face of this massive aquatic snake.
Slinking forth on bent limbs and gnarled claws, this twisted abomination bears a resemblance to a starved, plague-ridden ape, its form bestial and bent, with pallid skin stretched unnaturally over knotted bone. Yet its visage holds a greater terror, for amid fangs and milky eyes linger the withered features of a living corpse.
Slipping in and out of the crashing waves, this beautiful woman has the lower torso of a long, slender fish.
Snarling and ferocious, this horse-sized skunk emits a frightening growl as it smashes through the undergrowth.
Sobbing uncontrollably, this gray-skinned creature possesses thin legs ending in black cloven hooves, as well as a ferocious, manic grin. Its flesh is torn and scratched even down to the tip of its misshapen tail, while a patchwork sheet of dirty ice covers its body. Its tears sizzle violently as they hit the ground.
Some calamity has befallen this angelic warrior. Wings stained black shear the air as her merciless eyes search for a target.
Something seems strange and disturbingly familiar about this wispy, ghostly humanoid shape.
Soot, ash, and coal dust streak this giant’s rust-colored skin. Her eyes hold a look of both determination and detachment.
Spatters of magma sear everything that comes near this vaguely humanoid mass of endlessly melting and reforming rock.
Spikes cover the body of this vaguely reptilian creature. Its fearsome face features dagger-sharp teeth and glowing red eyes.
Spikes of ice jut from the carapace of this stocky crustacean. It scuttles sideways on its eight legs with surprising speed, while its two pincers—one small and sharp, the other monstrously large—flex in anticipation of combat.
Spine-frilled neck arching up from the water like a snake ready to strike, this ship-sized serpent hisses a challenge.
Spinning blades, long needles, and crystal-tipped rods stud the surface of this hovering metallic sphere.
Spiralling patterns cover this shadowy humanoid’s skin, and its black hair trails away in wisps.
Spittle drips from this feral bear’s roaring maw, and its matted fur is broken in places by wicked, bony growths.
Sprightly despite his bulk and swathed in layers of cloth against the relentless sun, this hunter has a wicked bow and a scorpion-like lower body.
Squeaks and chittering cries rise from a tangle of diseased rats with their tails knotted together.
Standing amid a roiling fog, this nude, humanoid woman’s pale,
 wet skin glistens. Her long, dark hair moves about her head as
 though she were submerged underwater, and rapier in her hand
 crackles with arcane energy.
Standing as tall as a human, this muscular, gray-skinned creature peers about with tiny, observant eyes.
Standing just over three feet tall, this bestial humanoid wears filthy, tattered robes and has blue-gray skin decorated with strange, coiling stripes. Dark fur grows on its head and arms, and its feet end in burning hooves. Its eyes glow as red as the f laming sword it wields in one hand, and its breath fills the surrounding air with noxious gray smoke.
Standing just over three feet tall, this small humanoid creature has pale, ivory skin, long spindly fingers, and tall pointed ears. Wrapped in what appears to be thorny vines, the lithe fey has a shock of blood red hair bound behind her head. She stares out with equally red eyes with a look of cruelty and malice.
Standing motionless, this creature could easily be mistaken for a huge skeletal display of a long-dead war elephant. At further glance, its eyes burn a smoky black and pieces of stench-ridden flesh hang from crusty bones. Rusty barding drapes loosely over its skeletal spine, and ancient, rotten finery hangs over its skull and drapes flaccidly toward the ground.
Standing on muscular legs that end in enormous talons, this
f lightless bird is almost twice the height of a man.
Standing on three legs, this creature is a mix of dangerous jungle animals and plants fused into one deadly predator.
Standing tall and graceful, this sharp-eared giant’s skin is pale. Its large brow gives it a somewhat primitive visage.
Standing taller than a man, this humanoid figure wears filthcovered rags over its scaly form.
Stark white hair frames the fair face of this snake-bodied woman, and its black scales sparkle hypnotically.
Stark white scars and tribal patterns tattoo the dusky skin of this towering brute. Skulls, stone fetishes, and crude but deadly wooden weapons mark the nearly twenty-foot-tall savage as a deadly warrior.
Still bearing the dirt of the grave and the wounds that meant its death, this rotting corpse shambles forth, limbs slack, eyes dead, but driven on by a unholy need to kill.
Stone shrieks and shears to ribbons beneath the raz or - tal one d step of a cyclopean shadow come to terrifying life. From the darkness looms a breath-stealing horror, a creature combining the most frightening aspects of night-stalking panther, carriongorged crow, and massive demon-eyed arachnid. Skulking with the terrible grace of some caliginous dragon, oily feathers rise into wings evocative of an abyssal nightscape devoid of all stars or familiar spheres. From a quadripartite maw—combining insectial mandibles and a slashing beak—the abomination unleashes a shrill, chittering screech, the forsaken scream of a creature born of nightmare and truly ancient madness.
Stones jump and roll as if moved by an earthquake that affects nothing else around it. A wave of disturbed earth and rock follows behind them.
Stony segments cover this towering colossus like armor plates. Though it looks lifeless, its four arms move with supple grace.
Strange, translucent gas bladders carry this tangle of thorny, purple vines and clumps of mold through the air. A dusting of spores floats to the ground beneath it.
Striking yellow and black markings and a coat of bristling hairs cover this immense bee. Its stinger is the size of a dagger blade.
Striped with the brilliant colors of a maritime sunset, this beast winds its enormous body through the waves, a pair of wiry, talon-tipped arms and a snout full of horrendous teeth preceding a fan of razorlike fins.
Strong winds whip around this majestic being, and lightning crackles from her eyes and flickers along her skin.
Stubby warts dot the skin of this horse-sized brown toad. Its throat bulges and ripples as though about to croak.
Surging out of the water, this massive lizard is shaped like a giant fish with a powerful, toothed maw.
Surrounded by a nimbus of near-blinding light, this strange creature looks something like an emaciated child with clawed hands.
Surrounded by lightning, this impressive female warrior wears a gleaming golden breastplate and carries a shining spear.
Swathed in striking turquoise robes, this gillwoman has a cold, appraising stare.
Swirling markings cover the armor and flanks of this imposing centaur. A bow and sword, both heavy enough to suit her powerful frame, hang from her body.
Symbolic representations of the occultation of heavenly bodies decorate the dark gray skin of this massive giant.
Tall and lean, this hooded figure resembles a human until the terrible face beneath the cowl is revealed—nothing but a featureless mirror, reflecting a hard, cold world.
Tall, burly, and hairy, this humanoid creature wields a large tree branch for a club and has a swinging, apelike gait.
Tattoos cover the blue skin of this towering, six-armed giant, and large tusks jut from his lower jaw.
Taut, leathery skin clings to the skeleton of this giant, whose hide garments only partially conceal the simple geometric tattoos and ancient battle scars that decorate his flesh.
Tearing its elephantine roots free from the soil, an enormous tree unfurls long, tangled branches into arms ending in massive claws.
Tears stream from this beautiful but sullen creature’s eyes, forming a puddle beneath her delicate feet.
Tentacles and eyes cover this floating, fungoid monster, and its vast mouth opens like a toothy cavern.
Tentacles tipped with snapping jaws emerge from this serpentine creature’s back, complementing the vicious maw in its reptilian face.
The acrid scent of vinegar wafts from this shield-sized blossom. Amid shocking blue petals slowly twitches a cluster of sharp stamens arranged like a ring of teeth within a leafy muzzle.
The acrid smell of brimstone wafts from this small creature, which has mottled red skin and a wicked grin on its foul, warped face.
The air around this strange, pale animal sparks with erratic flashes of static electricity, its body constantly twitching as if filled to capacity with the energy. It suddenly perks up, alert and seemingly ready to bolt.
The air fills with the sound of hissing snakes as a giant, severed snake’s head floats into view, with a gaping mouth and twin fangs dripping virulent poison. Its eyes are milky and blind, but its forked tongue constantly tests the air for fresh scents. Below the head, where a body should be, numerous hissing serpents thrash like tendrils of torn flesh. Blood drips from the severed head, sizzling as it burns like acid through anything it touches.
The air here is eerily still, and the normal sound of the wind is replaced by a barely audible hum.
The antlers and hooves of this elk appear scorched and charred. The ground where it stands smolders and bursts into flame.
The armored plates of this immense, three-tailed scorpion are fiery red, and its stingers glow with molten heat.
The attire of this winged man, whose wooden mask is carved into an eerie smile, is devoid of the stark-white bones commonly worn by his people.
The back of this horse-sized boar rises in a steep slope. Its tiny red eyes are crusted with filth and its bristly flank crawls with flies.
The battle-worn axe and scarred leather armor born by this sunbleached minotaur woman mark her as a seasoned combatant.
The beast flies on leathery wings, trailing a long and wicked tail. Clad in iron-hard scales of red and yellow, the creature is not unlike a dragon, save for its lack of arms. Curls of flame bellow from its nostril as it breathes.
The bell of this enormous amber jellyfish is as large as a carriage. A sinister bloom of tentacles dangles and writhes below.
The black shuck’s close association with witches and witchcraft has led to countless local variants of the hound, as foul rituals have changed the already-fearsome creatures into even more nightmarish beasts. One of the most commonly encountered variants is that known as an old shuck, a beast often formed when a coven of witches or hags adopts a black shuck and adapts it to their needs. These leaner, more brutish versions of a black shuck have 13 Hit Dice and the ability to cause storms in their home territory. Once per day, by spending 10 minutes pacing its territory in a specific pattern, an old shuck can call forth a storm as per control weather (CL 13th). The type of storm created and its effects depend upon the prevalent climate and season. In addition, once per day when a target fails its save against the old shuck’s green-eyed gaze, the target must succeed at a DC 18 Will save or perish. The save DC is Charisma-based. Old shucks are CR 10 creatures.
The bloated white segments of a maggot’s body erupt in a torso of mixed feminine and insectile features. Pale humanoid skin and carapace meld together beneath a face with segmented eyes and mandibles chittering a song of discordant alien clicks and hisses, as overlong carapace claws weave cords of thick webbing between them.
The blue-white scales of this four-horned dragon exude wisps of fog. The dragon’s snout is short but filled with sharp teeth.
The blunt snout of this lizard bears bony horns, and its flat, round body is adorned with many spines.
The body of a spear-wielding woman rises from the front of this monstrously huge scorpion.
The body of this enormous serpent is covered in mirrorlike scales, and a pair of luminous blue eyes gazes from a horned head that ends in an elongated, toothy snout.
The body of this humanoid-shaped ooze is composed of an oily, black liquid. Its body ripples as it moves, and tendrils of hair flow around its expressionless face.
The body of this monstrous creature is a foul mass of sore-covered flesh, a blubbery worm with the upper torso of a deformed man.
The bones and skulls of countless smaller creatures dribble from the joints and rib cage of this massive skeleton.
The brooding face of this towering limestone statue of a gynosphinx reflects a harsh wisdom acquired through untold ages of experience.
The brown and black exoskeleton of this roach gleams when exposed to the light.
The carapace of this large crab resembles a scowling face, its eyes seething with an ancient fury.
The cat-sized insect has a long, cigar-shaped body. Its spiny back legs are long and limber.
The choking odor of smelted steel tinged with burnt hair and flesh wafts on a foul wind. The jangling of heavy chains echoes ominously. A hulking dwarf wrapped in heavy steel links approaches. Its face, hands, and body are riddled with glowing hot hooks and half-melted razor wire. Black smoke rises from its smoldering beard, framing its freakishly contorted face in ashy darkness. The tormented thing hefts a black iron hammer and as it charges the chains draping its form spring to life like metal serpents.
The coarse, ebon fur of this massive boar is mottled with patches of crimson. Its eyes are blood red and its jagged tusks seem more like obsidian than bone.
The cold eyes of this minotaur are without fear or emotion. An arsenal of devices rattle from its belt, not the least of which is its mechanical monstrosity of a crossbow.
The color and texture of this massive, metallic ooze shift whenever it touches something.
The creature is unbelievably slender and has teeth filed to points. Its long, gangly arms end in hands with wickedly sharp nails.
The creeping tendrils of this plant creature guide its way up tree trunks and walls.
The curious ears and flabby lips of this sickly green humanshaped ghostly creature frame its froglike face, yet only empty sockets stare from where its eyes should be.
The curves of a shapely maiden define the outline of a mysterious figure wrapped in mist and strips of ancient robes. From beneath the rune-embroidered tatters stretch four, corpse-pale arms, each bearing either a blade or some mysterious arcane device. Hidden within the cowl of its hood shimmer the faintest outlines of a veiled face and a pair of eyes flickering with barely restrained energy.
The dry rasping of spidery legs brings this hideous monstrosity into view—a nightmarish, centaurian fusion of drow and spider.
The dull gray skin of this dwarf ripples with kinetic power.
The eight spider eyes of this pale, towering humanoid glisten hungrily, and its mouth contains dozens of sharp teeth. It carries a barbed spear with a long, clinking chain attached to its end.
The elephantine creature is titanic in scale. Curving tusks frame its flexing, muscular trunk and its canyon of a mouth.
The eyes of this large gull glow eerily blue. Gray feathers cover much of its robust body, and its long, black-tipped wings are marked with enigmatic symbols. The bird’s yellow bill is heavy and hooked, and its webbed feet bear sharp talons.
The eyes of this purple-scaled dragon glint with a mischievous intelligence and the sting of its tail has a silvery sheen.
The facets of this crystalline dragon’s body reflect fascinating and sparkling patterns.
The facets of this crystalline formation shift and vibrate, as though in anticipation.
The faint chemical smell lingering on this creature’s skin hints that it is not simply a normal person. Small, almost imperceptible flaws suggest that the creature’s skin is somehow stretched over an invisible frame.
The faint scent of pine sap accompanies this vaguely tree-shaped creature, which stands on two towering trunklike legs. Its arms resemble the branches of a snow-laden conifer.
The features of this lithe, glistening female are placid yet severe. Her firmly carved body is transparent and ripples like living water, ever flowing and reforming like a river come to life. Four arms sprout from her shapely form, while from the waist down her limbs join into a twisting column of living liquid. Her gaze is wary, and around her float twirling blades, seemingly created from razor-sharp water.
The feet and tongue of this minuscule gold-scaled dragon are stained with ink.
The figure that crawls up from the grave may have once been a living man, but it is now wholly a monster. Its flesh crawls with worms and seeps with decay, allowing bones and internal organs to slip through hideous tears here and there. Its jaw distends and a long tongue whips out, almost like a tentacle. Its legs have been severed at the knee, forcing it to scrabble forward on all fours like some deranged beast.
The fists of this stone statue radiate flames that flicker in red and black and reek of brimstone. Its chiseled face bears a feral, wicked grin.
The flesh of this emaciated creature appears charred or dried, and its empty eye sockets seep trails of smoke.
The flesh of this walking corpse is rotting and putrid, its body skeletal in places and its eye sockets glowing with red light.
The flesh of this withered woman’s face stretches tightly over her skull, with one red eye bulging fat in its socket.
The footsteps of this pale titan cause the very earth to shudder. Each muscle in its body is pulled taut as if in perpetual convulsion.
The frame of this immense monstrosity is humanoid, but its ichthyic visage is that of a deep-sea predator.
The gears of this enormous, four-armed mechanical giant shriek and grind in a deafening cacophony as it lumbers forth.
The glossy alabaster coat of this noble horse ripples with muscles, while its hooves shimmer with pale blue energy.
The golden bones of this magnificent skeleton are clad in monstrous face-skins sewn into a cape and skirt adorned with gold pendants.
The great sloth, standing on its hind legs, can reach the treetops with its agile tongue to grab at foliage.
The ground quakes as a colossal, elephantine beast of rocky, armored plates presses forward. Elaborate horns crown its head, and multiple rock-encrusted tusks jut from its toothy maw. With a bellowing roar, the creature shakes its massive head in challenge, then paws the ground and charges.
The ground shudders and the seabirds take to wing with piercing cries of alarm. What once appeared to be a small, rocky island reveals itself to be a creature of titanic proportions as an enormous tail lifts ominously from the water. With a thunderous crash, it slams down, sending the island plunging beneath the waves.
The half-formed shape a snarling dog rises out of this pile of grayish foam.
The head of this muscular, furry humanoid figure is that of an angry badger; it looks ready to strike at a moment’s notice.
The head of this winged, dragonlike beast is crowned with long spines. Sooty feathers cover its body.
The horns of this goatlike deer grow up and curve around into a pair of massive, spiraling rings atop its head.
The humanoid creature’s taut green shell extends like a cowl from chin to brow, wreathing a face of brilliant flower petals.
The hunched, reptilian beast lopes on two clawed feet, its eyeless head dominated by a huge circular maw filled with jagged teeth.
The insectile eyes of this chitin-covered daemonic monstrosity display a malign intelligence.
The iron automaton flying overhead is little more than a great pair of reptilian wings, at least fifty feet across. Its body resembles a long, thin rope, coiling and corkscrewing, with a featureless blunt head and tapered tail.
The killing blade of this horrific trap drips with an animated sheen of foul brown-orange slime.
The light of a flaming pitchfork illuminates a creepily malformed little man, his red skin scarred and raw like the victim of horrific burns. Although barely taller than a child, his features mock those of a terrible old man with an oversized head, knife-like nose, and crazed round eyes flickering with wild flames.
The long, undulating body of this serpentine dragon rolls and bends with scales the color of the ocean’s waves.
The low branches of this stout tree form the shape of a throne. Gold-trimmed leaves and thick vines grow on the branches.
The lowest of gnoll war leaders, sergeants are always eager to prove their mettle in order to move up in the dominance hierarchy of the pack.
The lumbering bulk of a treelike monster lurches out of the mist, its branches tentacles, its roots ending in hooves, and its trunk decorated with numerous drooling maws.
The lustrous, metallic bronze scales that cover this tiny serpent glisten as if reflecting an unseen light.
The mandibles of this enormous grasshopper churn and grind as it quests for food.
The massive and majestic elk stands fully the height of a human at its shoulder, and its antlers stretch over ten feet across.
The massive sail on the back of this squat reptilian creature flexes and twitches as the beast stalks forward.
The massive, wormlike form of this eyeless, beaked beast is draped in shimmering metallic vestments.
The materials of the building stretch and pull as if elastic, taking on the form of an earthen humanoid with thick stony arms.
The mechanical workings of this humanoid figure are incredibly complex, but the gore-spattered scalpels it has on one hand and the glistening syringes inside its cage-like chest make its intentions clear.
The mist forms a roughly humanoid shape. Its features are indistinct, except for its clawed hands and hairy, fanged face.
The mouth of this gray-skinned, emaciated monk is a distended,
hollow pit of darkness.
The movements of this black-skinned humanoid are unnaturally
 quiet, clearly belonging to one used to slinking unseen and
 unheard through dark places. Ebon wings and a matching mask
 complete this figure’s stealthy appearance.
The muscles beneath the spotted fur of this sleek feline tense, poised to pounce. Its long, sinuous neck stretches over twice the length of its body, ending in a snarling leopard’s head.
The only real feature of this flaring of electrical energy is a vaguely humanoid face that flickers and plays within its shifting mass.
The painted ochre lines of this stylized bison seem to shift and flow, giving the primitive drawing an eerie sense of life and otherworldly majesty.
The painting depicts a well-dressed nobleman. The style is so realistic it appears as if he could step out of the frame at any moment.
The pale-blue skin of this dark-haired humanoid seems to subtly change hue from moment to moment.
The pallid flesh of this ferocious, orc-like creature is covered in
scars and burns. Its muscles are thick and corded, and its hatefilled
eyes seem to reflect death wherever they stare.
The petals of this small plant’s large, flat, flowering head reflect light in unnatural ways.
The pink, fleshy underside of this flat, aquatic creature features a large circular maw of fangs.
The plume of this red and yellow bird is so vibrant as to glow. Each movement sends a ripple of light and color down its feathers that flickers like flames. The air around the small creature shimmers with heat.
The pockets of this urchin are stuffed with worthless objects.
The predatory nature of this wolf-sized creature is revealed by its long teeth, sleekly muscular body, and belligerent hiss.
The rasping legs of this hideous, shining carpet of fist-sized ticks rattle ominously as the swarm skitters forward.
The razor-sharp wings of a thousand stained glass insects jingle with a resonant melody.
The rear limbs of this elk-sized insectoid loop into a large, chitinous sphere, and it nimbly propels itself forward with balance and grace.
The rending, thunderous clangor of rushing claws heralds the charge of this fire-eyed ruin, a terror of flame-seared hide and saber-like spines shaped in a monstrously muscled centauric form. The true terrible ferocity of the thing lies hidden, restrained beneath armor and wings of crumbling stone carved with icons as ancient as they are undeniable and profane.
The repulsively fused features of a dried fish and desiccated humanoid combine in these monstrous remains. The crackle of tiny grinding bones and the hiss of parched scales whisper with every motion as the snarling miniature mummy drags its shriveled corpse forward.
The rotting skeleton and muscles of this fanged, decaying horse seem barely able to hold together.
The scales of this craggy serpentine dragon are scarred and blackened. Its eyes flare with nightmarish power, and its mouth drips with liquid flame.
The scales of this tall, elegant dragon shine like polished silver, and its tail has a feathered appearance.
The scales on this twelve-foot-long water snake's back appear to be nothing more than smooth river stones, a few of which glint with traces of gold.
The scent of death pours from this disheveled woman. Leather straps dotted with iron buckles bind her lean form.
The shape of this creature gives the impression of a squirming mass accompanied by an indescribable monstrous stench.
The shattered remnants of buildings and statues can be seen in this shuddering mass of wet, rugged rock.
The shell of this immense sea turtle easily spans 12 feet in length. Its narrow head ends in a hooked beak.
The shimmering flesh of this gold-skinned figure flashes with points of light that seem, at times, to create strange runic shapes.
The silver dust that makes up this giant six-legged reptile continuously dissipates into the air, but without depleting the creature’s mass.
The sinuous tail of this cat-sized winged, armless dragon is tipped with a scorpianlike stinger.
The sixteen-foot-long scorpion scrabbles forward, ferocious claws raised in challenge, stingered tail arched over its back.
The size of a bull elephant, this red-and-black arachnid has a bloated body and spindly legs, made all the more horrifying by the all-too-human appearance of its baleful visage.
The size of a horse, this demonic locust has a scorpion’s stinger
 and an almost-human face. Its front legs end in clawed hands.
The size of a short, stocky humanoid with webbed feet and claws, this frog-like creature has glowing white eyes.
The skeleton locked within rattles as this animated cage lurches forward on chain legs in search of new prisoners.
The skin of this fancifully dressed human sags and drips in a horrific manner as if composed of melting wax.
The skin of this halfling-sized, winged humanoid is as smooth as polished marble. It wields a bow and carries a quiver full of arrows on its back.
The skin of this rugged dragon is mottled in hues of blue and green. Its elongated tail hides a menacing stinger.
The skin on this frog-like fiend is clammy and its eyes look dead and milky; its wide face is split by a fanged maw.
The skull of some many-fanged sea monster adorns the bow of this ominous pirate vessel, a grim ship made all the more disturbing by its apparent lack of a crew.
The smell of brine mingles with the sickly stench of uncured leather that surrounds this ferocious buccaneer.
The smell of scorched flesh accompanies this small child, who appears to be made entirely of dust and smoldering ash.
The smell of wood smoke bears the taint of burning flesh. A branch in the campfire sputters and hisses. From within the fire’s embers a smoldering skull glares out, its eyes wells of cold darkness. Tendrils of smoke dance around and through it like tongues or writhing snakes.
The snakes that form this spectral medusa’s hair knot and writhe, and her eyes burn with uncontrollable rage.
The soft scrape of bone reveals the long, sinuous skeleton of a large snake, its head a humanoid skull with a snake’s jaws.
The sound of clashing steel upon a battlefield resounds with every step of this ironclad giant. Its armor bears harsh but elaborate flourishes, as though it were the war regalia of some merciless warlord. Each plate looks impossibly thick and heavy, like the hulking titan within is completely hidden by layer upon layer of tightly woven chain and impregnable steel.
The sound of flapping wings and an angry hiss accompany the appearance of this flying snake.
The spines of this sizable sea urchin bristle, revealing a strange, multipart beak gnashing in their midst.
The squat, waddling badger trudges forth. Thrusting its flattened nose about the ground, it sniffs incessantly.
The stinger and antennae of this dog-sized wasp pulsate with a dim, violet light.
The stone statue of a menacing fiend crouches here, as though ready to spring to life and devour innocent passersby. Then it moves—to do just that.
The stony-looking hide of this fat reptile ends in a studded, heavy club of a tail.
The strength and stature of this giant-sized human is matched only by the nobility of its bearing.
The tail of this shimmering, salamander-like creature is composed entirely of water.
The tall, blue-skinned humanoid is clad in loose, flowing robes. Its alien face has too many eyes and its hands have too few fingers.
The tattered remains of a dead stag beetle rumble to life, creaking and clattering forward on dry, brittle legs.
The tawny coat of this snarling feline resembles that of a mountain lion, though this creature is much more muscular and carries itself with a strange posture.
The thick stalks of this dark-veined, gray plant are covered in a fine black fuzz.
The tiny, buzzing insects that make up this cloud have distinctive bloated bodies and sharp, if miniscule, proboscises.
The tip of this towering, scorpion-like construct’s tail thrums with otherworldly energy.
The tip of this towering, scorpionic construct’s tail thrums with otherworldly energy, and its body moves with unexpected speed.
The titanic golden statue of a great knight looms here, four times taller than even the most intimidating warrior. Bearing a gigantic hammer almost too large for it to hold, the sculpture depicts thick, rigid armor, but no details beneath, hiding the identity of the wearer. Upon its breast gleams a golden relief of runes, a key, and a shining city.
The torso of a humanoid figure with jagged claws extends outward from a wall, its features patterned with the texture of the structure around it.
The torso of this constructed gastropod is elongated and eerily humanoid. Smog pours from the shell-like posterior of the machine, while toxic green ooze courses through its translucent pipes.
The tricorne hat this gillwoman wears is encrusted with salt, suggesting years spent at sea.
The twenty-foot-tall winged saurian demon wields an acid-dripping axe. Two red eyes glow above a tooth-filled beak.
The twisted, leafless branches of this dead tree still bear bright red fruit, each one shriveled and covered in splotches of black rot.
The twisted, tormented frame of this ghostly spirit is reflected in the utter anguish that shines within its glaring eyes.
The upper body of this creature is that of a multicolored bestial humanoid, while its lower section ends in a serpentine tail.
The vicious spines surrounding this boar’s head are almost as unnerving as the wild look in its eyes.
The water churns and splashes as a small, stocky humanoid surges forth, gnashing rows of needle-like teeth, its eye sockets merely deep gouges. As if it were one with the water itself, it darts quickly forward, shouting curses and swinging its fists.
The white-and-gold tabards of this tight formation of armored soldiers are spotless, and their swords and armor are polished to a mirror-bright sheen.
The wrinkled, blotchy skin of this giant hangs from its body like hooded robes, masking its face.
There can be no mistaking this animal-like creature for a mere beast, for its face has an almost supernaturally human look to it.
These hobgoblin knights ride atop brutish stinking yaks that paw the ground angrily.
These small, immature water insects are easily supported by the water’s surface tension.
These songbird-sized drakes declare their territory with an
insistent chorus of shrill chirps.
These thick-skinned animals bear large ivory tusks flanking a long, prehensile snout.
These writhing, many-winged worms have no heads other than pairs of large nostrils that make a constant, droning snorting.
Thick bony plates armor the domelike back of this quadrupedal dinosaur, its powerfully muscled tail ending in a bony club.
Thick folds of skin protect this massive sea mammal like fleshy armor. Tusks as tall as humans jut from its whiskered face.
Thick muscle and jutting bone from multiple corpses fused together form a winged, humanlike predator.
Thick of limb and torso, this towering female frost giant possesses powerful blue muscles and wields a massive, ice-encrusted battleaxe.
Thick sheets of moss and other forest debris cling to the dark green carapace of this huge scorpion.
Thick spines like the flanges of a royal crown bristle all across the surface of this strangely large golden sea urchin.
Thin tendrils trail from this misshapen ovoid. Its underside holds
a gray orb that resembles a bulging, lidless eye.
Thin veins of black rock crisscross the frame of this hulking construct.
This abomination has the head and foreparts of a great lion, an additional head and hindquarters of a ram, and a red dragon’s head sprouting from its tail.
This alabaster-skinned man holds a rapier made of intricately carved crystal and wears armor made of the same material.
This alluring, raven-haired beauty casually wipes a trickle of blood from a pale cheek, then smiles to reveal needle-sharp fangs.
This amalgam of mechanical toys clacks and whirs.
This amorphous blob of violet energy ripples like a globe of floating liquid. It periodically lashes out with tendrils of blue light.
This amorphous creature looks like an iridescent, blimp-shaped jellyfish, with a line of tentacles dangling down beneath it.
This amorphous creature loosely resembles a cross between a large snake and an insect. It has black oily skin, and parts of its very flesh blend seamlessly into the shadows. Its constantly moving, writhing form makes it difficult to identify from a distance.
This amorphous creature resembles a golden-hued jellyfish that floats through the air, fleshy tentacles dangling down in a line.
This amorphous mass of eyes, tentacles, and green vapor vaguely resembles a jumble of rotten brain matter.
This amphisbaenic monstrosity has the body of a slug with a leech’s mouth at one end and a knot of three human heads at the other.
This ancient monstrosity has the torso of a massively muscled giant,
This ancient stone giant towers over others of his kind and has a crown of crystalline growths sprouting from his head. He holds a warhammer made of meteoric stone pierced by natural deposits of glinting metallic ore.
This ancient, empty-eyed woman appears to have flesh made from damp, rotting wood, and sparse clumps of seaweed serve as her hair.
This ancient, weathered statue of a venerable monk with a shaven head possesses an air of both reverence and patience.
This anemic protean wears a wizard’s robe and garish jewelry.
This angel is all sharp lines and angles, muscular but lean, with large wings and a mighty flaming greatsword.
This angelic being has smooth skin, a muscular body, and large golden wings, and wields a large mace.
This animal, covered in a spotted pattern, has a disproportionately long neck that allows it to tower over other animals.
This animate pile of mud seems barely able to maintain the semblance of a humanoid form made of dripping sludge.
This animated husk from an enormous spider seems filled with thousands of living spiders that fall from its body like drops of blood.
This animated tree’s bark is knotted into vaguely humanoid features, with branches for arms and roots for legs.
This appears to be a mass of floating intestines tangled around a fanged mouth—the tips of its coils also end in toothy maws.
This appears to be a powerful humanoid figure, but it is difficult to make out due to the cloud of obscuring dust that perpetually hangs around it. The faint howl of winds and the smell of the deep desert seems to linger in its presence. It has recognizable features such as arms and legs, but they seem somehow wrong and out of proportion.
This arching, reptilian creature has an elongated neck and short fins. Its jagged teeth hint at its primordial nature, and the abundant plant growth covering its body suggests both fertility and rot.
This armless creature has a woman’s torso supported by six spidery legs. It lacks a mouth or nose, and its gaze conveys a furious misery.
This armor-plated creature’s toothy maw gapes wide as a fin-like dorsal plate rises between its shoulders.
This armored clockwork being moves with an uncanny intentionality, patiently evaluating the situation.
This armored creature has a bony, turtle-like shell from which protrude short limbs, a blunt head, and a short spiky tail.
This armored giant is sheathed in metal from head to toe. One arm ends in a spear-like blade, the other in a massive shield.
This armored humanoid has a jackal’s head, bulging muscles, and a gaze that makes the world drift away.
This armored skeleton stands in a battle-ready pose, its weapon held high as cold blue light shines in its eye sockets.
This armored woman appears to be carved from living marble, her angelic wings rising behind the shape of a heavenly warrior. In one hand she grips a fearsome glaive, every movement of which paints the air around her with swirls and f lourishes of magical energy.
This athletic, winged humanoid has handsome features and wields a shining lance.
This authoritative, scorpion-bodied woman is bedecked with amulets and other regalia.
This bald gnome has rocky gray skin and a wiry physique. Its pale eyes are overly large and expressive.
This bald humanoid looks strikingly human except for the long folds of skin that droop from his head and neck to just above his ankles.
This bald, long-bearded dwarf has dull gray skin, low arching brows, and eyes that seem to absorb rather than reflect the light.
This barnacle-encrusted walking corpse looks like a zombie, but is dripping with water and gives off a nauseating stench.
This bat has a wingspan the length of two humans, over-sized ears, and a squat, upturned snout with rows of needle-like teeth.
This batlike creature has jagged points at the tips of its wings and a long, lashing tongue.
This batlike humanoid has a lean, muscular body covered with fur and two large, leathery wings.
This bear-sized beast has a body like a squat simian, a dog’s face, and a long tail that ends in a clawed hand.
This bear-sized creature looks like a gangly black wasp. Its wings are large and delicate, and fine hairs cover its joints and feet. Its front-most legs end in graceful articulate hands, and its jagged abdomen terminates in a wicked pair of stingers as long as a man’s arm. Though its alien face has no human-like expression, intelligence gleams in its eyes.
This bear-sized predator is long and low-slung. Its soft fur and intelligent expression contrast with its glistening fangs.
This bear-sized wolf has white fur and a rime of frost around its muzzle. Its eyes are pale blue, almost white in color.
This beast has three sharklike heads on short, scaly necks, while
its lower body appears to be that of an octopus.
This beast might at first be mistaken for a large, shaggy reindeer, although it lacks antlers. Its fanged, bloodstained muzzle, however, belies first impressions.
This beast’s armored head has three sharp horns decorating its face and a large round crest angling back over its neck from its skull.
This beast’s bulbous body perches atop four sucker-ended, multijointed legs, and possesses two gnashing, ophidian maws.
This beautiful albino woman is wreathed in wings of brilliant flame.
This beautiful but sad-looking woman wears an ornate robe and is surrounded by a whirling mass of snow.
This beautiful dove is as bright as the sun and the size of an eagle, surrounded by an aura of blazing white flames.
This beautiful female sphinx appears both wise and thoughtful.
This beautiful woman has flesh made of lava. She soars through the sky on a trail of fire.
This beautiful woman has pearlescent skin and long, dark hair. Her nudity is barely hidden by a diaphanous, wet shawl.
This beautiful woman has red antennae, gossamer insectile wings, a wasp’s legs, and a serpentine whip.
This beautiful woman is clad only in sea foam and her long, white hair, which cascades over her body.
This beautiful woman wears a mask and is completely wrapped in spider silk. Magical fetishes adorn her clothing and staff.
This beautiful, ghostly elven woman glides through the air, her long hair flowing around a face knotted into a mask of rage.
This beautiful, impossibly intricate tattoo appears to swirl and move along its wearer’s skin.
This beautiful, woman moves with impossible grace, a knowing
smile on her lips.
This beguiling female figure is partly obscured by long flowing hair that dances and flows around her as if she were underwater.
This behemoth looks like a towering humanoid with fifty heads and twice as many hands, each wielding a different weapon.
This being resembles a powerful giant with hairless blue-green skin, deep blue eyes, flamboyant eyebrows, and pearlescent teeth.
This being resembles a towering human with skin of polished stone and glittering agate eyes.
This bipedal dinosaur has a mouth filled with sharp teeth and short, powerful arms that end in sharp claws.
This bipedal dinosaur’s front arms seem small compared to the rest of its bulk, but its enormous head is all teeth.
This bipedal lizard has mottled gray-and-brown flesh. A short dorsal fin runs the length of its body and its forelimbs look like hands.
This bipedal mammal has a long tail, short arms, and long, limber legs that afford a strange hopping gait.
This bipedal reptile has a rounded, dome-like head adorned with bony frills and ridges.
This bird-like beast is mostly head, lunging forward on four scaly legs. Wisps of noxious black vapor trail from its hooked beak.
This bird’s royal blue body is upstaged only by the magnificent array of feathers that radiate from its back.
This bird’s royal-blue body is upstaged only by the magnificent array of feathers that radiate from its back.
This bizarre amalgam of monstrous parts rampages forth, an eldritch rune seared upon its forehead.
This bizarre creature has a conical body topped with four tentacles tipped with pincers, tubes, and a tentacled, spherical head.
This black cat has gray stripes, violet eyes, and an unusual white blaze on its chest.
This black-and-white-furred bear is about as long in the body as an average human—but much rounder.
This black-clad figure has a pale, puffy face from which its yellow-irised eyes glare with equal parts intensity and insanity.
This black-furred, two-headed dog is as large as a horse and has midnight-black eyes. Tiny worms crawl on its mangy hide.
This black-skinned, bat-winged demon has four arms; a long, thin tail; and a leering, fanged face with dead, white eyes.
This black, amorphous blob piles up on itself, a quivering mound of midnight sludge that glistens darkly before surging forward.
This bloated creature’s eyes protrude from between the fleshy fat rolls of its neckless, hulking form.
This bloated spider has a hunchbacked body and a gleam of intelligence in its multiple eyes.
This bloated, larval sack of green and pink flesh is wet and curdled, its brainlike wrinkles interrupted by transparent membranes showing dark fluid within.
This bloated, pinniped-like mammal is covered in salty grime, and its sturdy, blunt tusks promise an agonizing death.
This blob of protoplasm is somewhat transparent, allowing the bones of undigested meals and a dark nucleus to be seen within.
This blood-red tumorous mass has a shifting cluster of waving tentacles sprouting from its amorphous form, its body pulsating with a horrid vitality.
This blood-soaked humanoid is festooned with razored shards of metal. Skeletal wings protrude from its bleeding shoulders.
This bloodshot eyeball trails strands of bloody nerves that fan out like flapping wings.
This blue shark’s fins slice through the water, its black eyes rolling and its gaping jaws showing countless teeth.
This blue-furred creature sports a short trunk and a camel-like body. The air around it seems to shimmer with magical energy.
This blue-furred horse with a cloudlike mane and tail has gray, humanlike eyes that show obvious intelligence.
This blue-haired, blue-skinned man moves with a liquid grace. His ears are fin-like, and his hands and feet are webbed.
This blue-skinned celestial has enormous butterfly wings, and its black hair sparkles like a starlit sky.
This blue-skinned elf has milk-white eyes, a glowing punching dagger, and a shield embossed with a demonic face.
This blue-skinned giant has three eyes, fangs, and claws. Its hair seems to be formed of delicate strands of ice.
This blue-skinned giant is outfitted in elegant jewelry and white robes, and wields a lightning-infused spear.
This blue-skinned giant’s clothing and beard whip about like sails caught in a storm.
This blue-skinned humanoid has two pairs of ebony wings protruding from its waist. Talon-like nails grace its hands.
This blue-skinned humanoid’s hulking figure is covered in patches of thick ice, and its jutting jaw dominates its monstrous face.
This blue-skinned, six-armed giant lurches to life, its armor and twin swords glittering with jewels.
This bony horror has two skulls on either end of its long, fleshless body. Dozens of twitching, claw-tipped legs carry its centipede-like form.
This brainlike creature has two clawed legs emerging from its fore and rear and a serpentine proboscis clutching a dagger.
This brass statue is sculpted in the shape of an angel with metal wings, and its halo takes the form of a burning crown.
This brawny creature has had its skin completely flensed from its form, revealing the violent pulsing of its massive, exposed muscles.
This brawny, sallow-skinned figure is muscular but lean, with batlike wings and a single hideous eye in its noseless face.
This breathtaking, giant-sized woman’s raven hair falls to her
 ankles. Her skin is as pale as the glowing moon, and her ebon
 eyes deeply pensive.
This bright-eyed lizard is larger than a horse. As it hisses in anger, a brightly colored frill extends around its neck.
This bright-eyed, anthropomorphic fox is dressed in simple traveling clothes and carries a musical instrument in one hand.
This brightly colored dinosaur exudes a dangerous ferocity. Each foot is armed with a large, sickle-shaped claw.
This brightly colored snake assumes an aggressive posture, its hissing mouth open to display its fangs.
This brightly colored, long-necked amphibian has six legs, a fanged snout, and numerous finlets running down its spine.
This brightly colored, star-shaped creature has many spines growing from its five arms.
This brightly-colored feline blur resembles a cheetah with longer fur and lynx-like ears, and seems to scorch the air as it moves.
This brilliantly colored couatl radiates a palpable air of peace and wisdom.
This brilliantly colored dragon has scales, teeth, and claws made of multicolored crystal, and its wings are sheets of flexible glass.
This brilliantly colored moth rises taller than a house. A long tail resembling peacock feathers trails behind the creature.
This bronze-ringed serpent has silvery skin and razor-sharp teeth that barely conceal the acid bubbling at the back of its mouth.
This bronze-skinned humanoid is muscular yet lithe, garbed in colorful clothing emblazoned with glowing runes.
This brown rodent has a furry, cylindrical body, a pointed snout, and large, thick paws that end in digging claws.
This brown spider’s body is fist-sized, yet its long, spindly legs and oversized fangs make it appear quite fearsome.
This brown, shaggy-furred beast stands on slate grey hooves. Its head resembles that of a maniacal horned ape.
This brutish, one-eyed giant carries a large, well-made axe and wears a simple tunic. He has a head of shaggy hair, and the lower half of his face is obscured by a bristly, dark beard.
This bug has long, fuzzy legs that support it on the water’s surface as if the creature stands on solid ground.
This bulbous creature consists of many tangled legs, a bulging body of puffed flesh, and a mouth filled with sharp fangs.
This bulbous, green-skinned spider is as large as a horse, its toothy maw smiling beneath three glowing eyes.
This bulky creature has beady eyes, and rocky skin studded with small crystals. Its jutting underbite holds large, crystalline teeth.
This bulky predator’s feline form is cloaked in shadows, save for its red eyes, which glow with a baleful hatred.
This bulky, four-legged dinosaur has a long nasal horn and a crest studded with additional horns sweeping back from its skull.
This bulky, thick-skinned, flippered creature has on its face two enormous tusks and what looks like a coarse mustache.
This bull-like creature seems to be made of interlocking metallic plates. Faint plumes of green smoke puff from its mouth.
This burly dog is fitted with a small saddle. A low, menacing growl rumbles up from its chest.
This burly humanoid figure is cut from blue crystal that shines with an inner light.
This burly humanoid has sharp scales and fins like some predatory fish. As if its maw full of serrated teeth were not intimidating enough, the monstrosity clenches deadly claws at the ends of four powerful arms.
This burly, eight-foot-tall humanoid, dressed in a bearskin and equipped with a massive axe, has long, red hair and a bushy beard.
This burly, primitive-looking creature has an ape-like upper
 body, demonic horns, cloven hooves, and skin the color of a
 snow-buried corpse.
This burrowing, bug-like monster scuttles about on six legs, drooling noxious green ichor from its clacking mandibles.
This cackling protean’s serpentine body is surrounded by flowing, illuminated script pulled from nearby tomes and pages.
This canine creature has sallow, dead skin stretched tight across
This canine creature possesses erect, squared-off ears, a forked tail, and a downward-turned snout. Black fur covers its body, and its emotionless eyes glow red.
This canine-headed humanoid’s well-groomed appearance and polished greatsword show it to be more than a common beast.
This capricious figure has the upper torso, arms, and head of a man, but goatlike legs, a tail, and curling horns on his head.
This catlike creature has a striped pelt and whiskers that jut from a long muzzle filled with sharp teeth.
This celestial being is obscured by darkness, but its wings glow brilliantly, silhouetting a stern individual with shining eyes.
This celestial knight bears a flaming blade as it flies through the air on metallic wings that seem to grow from its armor.
This centaurlike creature is equipped with an ant’s mandibles and antennae.
This child-sized creature is made of long green stalks of loosely woven grass. It has four arms, each with fingers like long blades, and leaves circle its head like a crown.
This child-sized spider’s blue-and-yellow-striped abdomen shimmers as it scuttles along its gossamer web. A drop of thick purple venom drips from its mandibles.
This childlike blasphemy conjoins the features of a plump human infant and a gigantic, gore-fattened fly.
This chitin-plated humanoid has the lower body of a hermit crab, complete with a brightly decorated shell encasing his back.
This chittering, scorpion-shaped monstrosity appears to be
 made of a hideous mix of chitinous limbs and human skulls.
This churning cloud of beetles buzzes with a steady discharge of sizzling arcs of electricity leaping from insect to insect. The patterns on their wings resemble humanoid eyes.
This clockwork termite is the size of a rhinoceros and has an oversized head with a humanoid face on it. Multiple apertures along its body sprout tool-wielding limbs, and a human-sized hatch on its abdomen chitters and clicks like a menacing maw.
This cloud of long-necked birds rises into the air, screeching in a cacophony reminiscent of klaxons and clanging tools. As these avians flit among one another, their feathers glint with a metallic gleam, reflecting even the dimmest light back a hundredfold through a dim haze of blood.
This cloud of swirling energy flickers like lightning, with raw magical power playing across its form.
This cloud of thick black smoke crackles as flashes of electricity illuminate it from within, but it whirs as if mechanical.
This cloud-like creature has dark hollows reminiscent of eyes and a mouth, and a howling wind whips it into ominous shapes.
This cluster of flytraps has a vaguely humanoid shape. The beady
eyes atop the largest flytrap glare menacingly.
This collection of insects is composed of a variety of centipedes, beetles, and other bugs, each of which bears humanoid arms, legs, eyes, or even faces.
This collection of jagged metal rears up into a humanoid form, its enormous cannon tracking movement with mechanical precision.
This colorful plant has long, thin leaves and three prominent, bright pink pistils that reach elegantly toward the sky.
This colossal serpent’s skin is like that of decayed, bruised corpses. Cancers rupture from its flesh, and a terrible sickening flow of black blood oozes from each break and sores.
This combination of a lily pad and a f lytrap is ringed with
horrifying fangs and has another tiny, toothy maw at its center.
This comely young man is clad in fine silken robes and gold thread, with hair the color of sunbeams. He smiles slyly, and his eyes smolder with Hellish flames and the suggestion of power and terror beyond mortal reason.
This complex-looking automaton’s multiple arms end in gripping talons. It moves about on a set of four legs and has a strange bell-shaped head.
This construct is covered in rime, with razor-sharp shards of ice protruding from its limbs and caustic green fumes emanating from the surface of its frigid body.
This construct is covered with elaborate markings. Its arms end in tremendous hooks, and the core in its head glows with light.
This construct resembles a humanoid with a large crossbow built into its arm. It floats with no apparent mechanism.
This construct resembles a large cat. Its body coloring and the glowing core in the center of its head constantly shift in color.
This corpse of a soldier is twisted and ghoulish, its old-fashioned clothes are caked in mud, and its is expression lost and forlorn.
This corpulent, four-armed fiend is covered in yellow-orange dragon scales, and draconic wings sprout from its back.
This crab-like creature has the torso and head of a human, one arm ending in a massive claw, and another arm wielding a scimitar. It scuttles on six legs that emerge from beneath a massive shell with glinting metal and gems embedded into its surface.
This crab-like nightmare has a lamprey mouth, twitching eyes on its legs, and several blisters along its back that hold human brains.
This creature appears to be a large hare with long fangs, feathered wings, and a set of antlers.
This creature combines the features of a scorpion and a horse—
slavering humanoid faces peer from between its two pincers.
This creature combines the features of a sprightly girl and a black rabbit. A wicked, whimsical grin gleams on her face.
This creature could almost pass for human from the neck up, but below that its scaly skin, tail, and animal-like legs, as well as the tentacles that droop from its belly, reveal its aberrant nature.
This creature glides on undulating folds of leathery skin. Its spinning, circular mouth is lined with rows of razor-sharp teeth.
This creature has a pale, froglike appearance with clawed hands, no eyes, a wide mouth, and a snout ending in pink tentacles.
This creature has a split-jawed mouth, a hoodlike growth on its head, and two hideously elongated fingers on each hand.
This creature has a stag’s body, a hawk’s wings and talons, and the head of a slavering wolf with a rack of sharp antlers on its brow.
This creature has a vaguely humanoid head, the body of a lion, and the wings of a dragon. Its tail ends in long, sharp spikes.
This creature has an athletic human torso from the waist up, but its lower body consists of two hoofed forelegs trailing into a finned tail.
This creature has curling ram’s horns, metallic flesh that bears coiling ribbons of rust, and wings covered with rusty metallic feathers, each resembling a weathered dagger.
This creature has small, upward-pointing horns, a shaggy coat of fur, and a large hump on its shoulders.
This creature has the body of a hawk and the head of a beautiful woman with long, shining hair.
This creature has the body of a lion, the wings of a falcon, and the head and torso of a beautiful human woman.
This creature has the body of a seductive, winged elven woman from the waist up and that of a snake from the waist down.
This creature has the bulbous eyes of a fish, and his mottled green skin glistens with slime where it isn’t bedecked in gaudy jewelry.
This creature has the features of a lion but the wings and scales of a brass dragon, and a wild mane matching its scales.
This creature has the foreparts of a horse and the hindquarters of a fish. Its forelegs end in splayed fins rather than hooves.
This creature has the sun-bronzed upper body of a seasoned warrior and the lower body of a sleek warhorse.
This creature has the upper body of a woman and the lower body of a bee. She wields a longbow with uncanny skill.
This creature has the wide head and toothy mouth of a goblin with dappled green skin, simian hands and feet, and a long, ratlike tail.
This creature has the wings of a bird, the body of a lion, and the head of a ram with sad, wise eyes.
This creature is a blackened, bat-winged fiend’s head. Tentacles dangle from chin and scalp, and its fanged mouth hangs agape.
This creature is a mix of different animals fused together, with a bear’s torso and head, clawed ape legs, and a furred tentacle arm.
This creature is a terrifying amalgamation of chitinous scales, bloated flesh, unblinking eyes, and writhing tentacles.
This creature is almost too bright to gaze upon, its emaciated body sheathed in writhing flames of pure light and supporting a prehensile tail, clawed hands, and a twisted skull projecting beams of fire from its eyes and mouth.
This creature is composed of dozens of electric eels tightly knotted into a slithering, humanoid shape, crackling with energy.
This creature is humanoid in shape, but covered with chitinous plating. Its head is elongated, and it has a long, bladed tail.
This creature is larger than a normal elephant, with enormous sweeping tusks and shaggy brown fur on its body.
This creature is made of hundreds of metal masks, welded together to form a roughly humanoid body. The masks are mostly iron, but some—such as the hands, knees, and feet— are made of silver lined with gold. The mask that makes up its head is made of porcelain with gold trim and has a large sapphire set into its brow. At the creature moves, the masks seem to shift and stare.
This creature is much like a rhino, some six feet tall and ten feet long, with a pair of massive, knife-like horns curving up from its nose.
This creature is over 40 feet tall, and looks like a cross between an air elemental and a water elemental, or perhaps a black storm cloud compressed into a vaguely humanoid shape. Jagged bolts of lightning form bright, eye-like spots within its churning depths.
This creature is plump, brown, and covered in sleek fur, but it has a duck’s bill, a flat tail, and webbed feet.
This creature is reminiscent of a rhinoceros, but instead of pointed horns on its nose, this creature possesses a blunt, bony protrusion.
This creature looks like a beautiful human woman from the waist up, but below is the body and tail of an immense snake.
This creature looks like a broad leaf with whiskers like a catfish and a dangerous stinger trailing behind it.
This creature looks like a dark storm cloud, with sparks suggesting eyes and long sweeping arms charged with bolts of lightning.
This creature looks like a gilled dolphin with a row of spiral horns down its back, arcs of electricity crackling between them.
This creature looks like a humanoid crow with oily black feathers, glittering eyes, and a sharp beak.
This creature looks like a humanoid skeleton with a complete set of internal organs. A violet glow replaces its missing flesh.
This creature looks like a lanky, underfed troll. Its oversized claws drag along the ground, and its large eyes glow with inner light.
This creature looks like a living, mobile bonfire, tongues of flame reaching out in search of things to burn.
This creature looks like a mechanical centaur. Golden, clockwork wings sprout from its back, and its arms end in barbed chains.
This creature looks like a normal frog, with moist, mottled, blackish-green skin, but grown to truly monstrous size.
This creature looks like a tiny, stooped elf with gray skin, cruel claws, and glossy purple moth wings. Its mirthless grin exposes sharp teeth, and a bloody string of humanoid eyeballs adorns its neck.
This creature lurches forward on multiple arms and legs, its spine contorted into a painful curve with its hips higher than it head. Seemingly distracted and muttering to itself, the thing rarely looks up with its glowing red eyes, its hair composed of hundreds of thin, white tendrils that hang over its head like a veil. Strapped onto the creature’s body at various points are sacks and belt pouches stuffed with bizarre collections of objects, and its rear arms wield a wide, black bladed scythe, still coated with the blood of the fiend’s last victim.
This creature resembles a cross between a humanoid and a sea turtle, with flipper-like hands and a heavy shell covering its back.
This creature resembles a cross between a turtle and a crab, with flippers instead of legs, a snapping beak, and two pincers.
This creature resembles a fallen tree trunk that walks upon dozens of tiny, barbed branches and shambles like a spider.
This creature resembles a man crafted entirely of gold. Some of its features seem warped, as if the creature had been melted and then reformed.
This creature resembles a mummified humanoid swathed in filthy, sallow rags. Its stooped posture and ragged coverings make its height hard to judge. Its arms appear abnormally long, or perhaps dislocated and hanging freely. A hood of the same jaundiced fabric obscures its face.
This creature resembles a powerfully built wolf the size of a large draft horse, with ebony fur and burning, fiery red eyes.
This creature resembles a short and slight elf wearing drab clothes and a wicked grin. In a blink, the thing darts from sight.
This creature resembles a small, metallic cobra. Its body is made of overlapping iron plates, and its eyes are pinpoints of red light.
This creature resembles a tengu, save for its eyes’ golden glow. Its immaculate white robes contrast starkly with its black feathers, and its willow staff sheds a pale light.
This creature resembles a thin, lanky wolf with reddish-brown fur, white claws, and burning, fiery red eyes.
This creature resembles an elephant, though it has a shorter, thicker trunk and sharp, downward-curving tusks.
This creature resembles an elven courtier in miniature, dressed in
the latest fashion and mothlike wings on its back.
This creature resembles an ordinary shark from tail to mouth, but the unusual shape of its lower jaw marks it as something else. A whorl of teeth spirals inward, tiny at the centre, but long and brutal farther out.
This creature resembles the skeletal torso of a winged, four-armed giant draped in tatters of liquid shadow.
This creature stands barely three feet tall, its scrawny, humanoid body dwarfed by its wide, ungainly head.
This creature stands like a man, yet is half again the height of most men and covered with a coat of thick white fur.
This creature stands nearly twice as tall as a human, although its lower torso trails away into a vortex of mist and wind.
This creature’s bloated frame shudders with each heaving step, yet despite its shape, the thing moves with surprising quickness.
This creature’s body rises from the ground in an amorphous mass of grave dirt and eroded bone. Its upper half is humanoid-shaped and wields an enormous pick made from a giant’s rib and skull.
This creature’s bulbous compound eyes peer in all directions as its twin mandibles twitch and gnash. Six legs, each ending in spade-like claws, support its bulk.
This creature’s conical body bears four rubbery appendages: two end in strong pincers, another ends in a cluster of four trumpetlike organs, and yet another is attached to a round head with three eyes that glow with ancient, forbidden power.
This creature’s eyes are large and lidless, and its large head dominates its lanky frame. Tiny wings spread across its back and the four digits of each hand end in sharp claws.
This creature’s head supports a massive crocodile jaw, surrounded by  the  wide  hood  of  a  king  cobra.  Its  hands  are  giant  toothy scorpion pincers and its segmented tail ends in a barbed scorpion stinger. Countless glittering scales cover most of its ten-foot-tall muscled form, and the rest of it is protected by a dull insectoid carapace. Its eyes are like firelight glinting on gemstones, blazing with the intensity of the desert sun.
This creature’s lower body is that of a decaying lion, while its upper torso is that of a woman with ropey fungus for hair. A web of grotesque fibers sprouts from its body.
This creature’s massive, serpentine body is covered in dark purple scales. Its humanoid head has a wide mouth filled with fangs.
This creature’s pallid skin and dead, vacant eyes belie its healthy, powerful physique. It is clad in fearsome armor.
This creature’s serpentine head sports a brilliant crest of shimmering, metallic plumage that runs down its spine, transitioning into a line of sparkling, glowing gemstones studded into its scaled flesh.
This creature’s thick, serpentine body is protected by dense, horny plates. A visible haze of heat rises from its red-hot scales.
This creature’s three singing heads sway atop serpentine necks that extend from a bulbous body split by a wide, toothy mouth.
This creature’s upper torso is that of a comely woman with cat’s eyes and sharp fangs, while her lower body is that of a lion.
This creature’s vestments are charred black and fused together, and its flesh is a raging inferno surrounded by greasy black smoke.
This creepy ash-gray goblin-like creature has empty eye sockets and scraggly, stained teeth.
This crimson horror walks upon six long, thin legs. Its face is
 neither that of a skull nor spider, but some horrid mix of the two.
This crimson spectral creature drips with blood, its skeletal face
contorted with malice.
This crimson-footed, nine-legged monstrosity has an egg-shaped body covered in dirty white fur. Its eyeless face, piglike snout, and toothy maw make for a disturbing visage.
This crimson-haired demonic woman has wings of fire. She carries a slender bow made of flames.
This crimson-skinned genie has an artificial, sculpted appearance.
This crocodile is nearly half again as large as a normal crocodile, and seems to smile with its long, toothed mouth as it lunges forward.
This crone has avian features, including a long nose resembling a
beak, clawed hands, and birdlike feet.
This cruel-looking serpent is about the size of a housecat, with two forearms and dangerous-looking fangs.
This curious-looking creature has the body and plumage of a rooster but sports the cunning features of a fox from the neck up.
This curious, sand-colored, weasellike creature has dark bands around its inquisitive eyes.
This cyclops warrior clad in leathers and a flowing hood looms over the terrain. A heavy axe stained with gore serves as a warning for opponents who dare draw closer.
This cylindrical creature of pale fog and dark shadow stands on three clawed feet. Three pale arms jut from around the column, each ending in a hand with long, black claws.
This dark blue creature has a conical body covered in angry red eyes and numerous tentacles, two of which are longer than the rest.
This dark horse has striking coloring and a ferocious look in its bloodshot eyes.
This dark-feathered vulture has a bald neck and head, and its long, hooked beak is caked with carrion.
This dark-furred creature raises a spiked morningstar, its tiny, milk-white eyes glittering with the thrill of the coming kill.
This dark-furred creature wielding a horn bow looks like a burly humanoid with the head and hooves of a mountain goat.
This dark-scaled reptilian humanoid has lidless eyes, and a serpentine tongue that flickers from a fanged, lipless mouth.
This dark-skinned elf stands in a battle-ready pose, her hair silver and eyes white and pupilless.
This dark-skinned woman has diaphanous wings, four large eyes—one pair under the other—and a tangle of night-blue hair.
This dark-skinned woman moves with grace and confidence, but her vibrant eyes hold a hint of unpredictable wildness.
This dark-skinned woman’s languid movements are grace personified, her sparkling eyes those of a cat.
This dark-winged vulture has a wickedly hooked beak stained with bright red blood.
This dark-yellow, hand-length slug is covered in a pattern of black spots and stripes.
This darkly handsome humanoid’s batlike wings, curving horns, and bestial legs betray his demonic origin.
This deathly figure is draped with filthy rags. Its thin, gray arms end in ruinous claws, and its movements are weirdly difficult to follow with the eye.
This deathly pale beauty’s skin is blemished with bruises and cuts, yet a smile shows behind her flowing tangle of hair.
This decaying taxidermic bear is held together with thick stitches, metal armor plates, and a pungent chemical fluid.
This deformed, horned, hunchbacked humanoid has a forked, ratlike tail and two thumbs on each taloned hand.
This demon’s body is a nightmare of writhing tentacles and slippery coils below the leering maw of a deep sea predator.
This desiccated corpse wields a greatsword, its eyes blazing with eerie red light.
This desiccated figure wears linen wrappings and tarnished jewelry. Its humanoid body is topped with a withered crocodile head.
This desiccated strix has glowing, green eyes and long, jagged claws. A pair of burning, ghostly wings sprouts from its hunched back.
This devilish humanoid has five horns growing out of his forehead that resemble a crown. He stands on stout cloven hooves.
This diminutive humanoid looks like a truly ancient but proud old warrior. A tiny tree branch juts from the top of his head.
This diminutive, small-eyed creature is covered in dense, charcoal-gray fur and wears a dirt-stained smock; its pink nose twitches ceaselessly.
This dinosaur seems comfortable on two legs or four. Its front limbs are each adorned with a cruel-looking, thumblike spike.
This disc of flying metal is about the size of a wagon wheel and burns with yellow-white flame.
This disembodied and bestial head covered in lashing hair and curling horns flies through the air.
This disembodied female torso flaps through the air on batlike wings, her fanged face a hateful mask.
This disembodied phantom wears black robes that swirl around a maw of sharp teeth.
This disgusting beast looks like a slime-covered toad, but with two walrus-like tusks jutting from its upper jaw.
This dog-sized creature resembles a soft-shelled lobster with underdeveloped claws and an oversized pair of mandibles.
This dog-sized lizard has two horns, one on either side of its head, and green scales that crackle with sparks of lightning.
This dog-sized tick has a grotesquely bulbous body and a thin head equipped with hooked mandibles.
This dog-sized, spiderlike robot has a plasma torch mounted on a stinger-like limb and gripping claws on its forelegs.
This doll’s glass eyes glisten with unmistakable curiosity as it comes to life with a fluid grace.
This dour being has a mostly humanoid form enwrapped in a cocoonlike lower body, and wields a large quill.
This dragon bears a forest of razor-sharp crystalline spines. Its wings are transparent and seem almost to be made of glass.
This dragon has a long neck and terrible claws. The beast shrieks and babbles, thrashing its tail and wings in a violent manner.
This dragon has broad, ragged wings. Its serpentine body ends in
three long, f lailing necks with hissing, triangular heads.
This dragon seems to be made of parts from different creatures.
This dragon twists and whips with near untraceable speed. Its horns, crests along its neck, and wings emit a glow like starlight.
This dragon’s cracked scales creak with frightening, patient power. Some of its horns are ancient and brittle, others new and pristine.
This dragon’s ebony scales and horns are flecked with a substance that glows an eerie green. The folds of its wings ref lect a starry sky.
This dragon’s scales are a frosty white. Its head is crowned with slender horns, with a thin membrane stretched between them.
This dragonlike humanoid brandishes its spear, spreads its wings, and shows its fangs in a angry snarl.
This dried-out clump of thorny brush has torn free of its roots and seems to move not with the wind, but of its own volition.
This dry, hovering corpse’s chest is a prison of jagged ribs, within which is trapped a small tormented ghostly form.
This dwarf-like being of earth and metal has coppery hair and an open-faced helmet bearing two stylized boar tusks.
This earless, panther-like beast snarls as the skin of its face twitches, then peels back to reveal the bone and flesh beneath.
This ebon-skinned monstrosity has a gaping maw with  boar-like tusks and a wide nose beneath a furrowed brow that lacks any sort of eyes or visible visual organs. Its corded muscles twist and writhe beneath its smooth, hairless jet hide, giving its frame a gnarled, unbalanced asymmetry. It moves with a loping gait, however, and wears its armor, composed of thick, welded plates, effortlessly.
This ebony dragon with red frills appears terribly contorted and trails shadows.
This eel-like creature sports sharp frills that run along the back of humanoid torso and down its long, powerful tail.
This eerie beast appears to be the animated skeleton of a huge fanged cat, its bones glowing with fire and seething with smoke.
This eerie creature has the upper body of a beautiful, pale green woman and the lower body of a pulsating mound of fungus.
This eerie creature resembles a human with oddly segmented limbs, waxen skin, and doll-like eyes.
This eerie horse-like creature’s skin is an inky blackness. Fire spurts from its hair and nostrils, and its hooves spray sparks.
This eerie-looking squid has red eyes and webbing between its hook-lined tentacles.
This eerily disturbing gelatinous blob lumbers forward. Three
 disembodied eyes float within its mass, seemingly scanning back
 and forth with each surge of movement.
This eerily expressionless man has a glistening quality about him, as though he were completely covered in an oily sheen. His clothes’ colors are unsaturated and bland, his skin slightly gray, and his features and lines unnaturally soft.
This eight-legged lizard has a round, lamprey-like mouth full of teeth, and its scales slowly change color to match its surroundings.
This elderly figure looks out with heavy-lidded eyes, and seems
lost in its own serenity.
This elderly man’s wide-mouthed, staring countenance and webbed hands suggest a sinister taint in his bloodline.
This elegant and mysterious woman has a sinister air of dark power around her, like a protective ward.
This elegant half-woman, half-bee wields a glaive and is clad in flowing, gauzy garments. A veil covers most of her face, revealing only seductive, unnaturally beautiful eyes.
This elegantly armored sentinel stands alert, her eyes radiating divine light and her noble blade crackling with power.
This elegantly dressed woman has the head and bushy tail of well-groomed fox.
This elephant-sized equine creature has bright red skin, fangs, six eyes, and armored plates on its head, neck, and back.
This elephant-sized sea creature resembles a horse crossed with a fish, with crazed whirling eyes.
This elephantine amphibian has a grotesquely long tongue and beady eyes.
This elongated, olive fish has a thick set of jaws with a prominent underbite, and its body is covered in a layer of thick algae.
This elongated, whale-like creature moves through the water with an eel-like motion despite its wide, fluked tail. Razor-sharp teeth fill its almost reptilian mouth.
This elven woman’s allure is obfuscated by her ragged insectile wings and long, clawlike nails.
This emaciated figure looks like a horned human skeleton smothered within a bone-tight hide of slimy leather.
This emaciated humanoid is barely visible in a swirl of engulfing shadow. Its eyes and mouth reveal a burning void within its head.
This emaciated, hairless canine has a strange air of menace and cruelty about it.
This emaciated, robed humanoid wields a scythe made of bone to match the skeletal wings that protrude from its shoulders.
This enormous amalgamation of stone and plant matter takes the shape of an old man leaning on an equally huge staff.
This enormous ant has vicious mandibles and a dripping stinger, and looks large enough to devour a horse.
This enormous beast has rocky, armored plates on its body. Elaborate horns crown its horrific head.
This enormous beast has the combined features of an elephant and a serpent. Its tremendous maw sports six frightening tusks.
This enormous bird has a lizardlike tail and bright purple feathers on its back and wings; the rest of its body is bare and scaly.
This enormous bird has feathers the color of a stormy sky, a resemblance enhanced by the lightning that dances over its body.
This enormous black crocodile gapes hungrily with a maw big enough to swallow two armored warriors whole.
This enormous black insectile creature moves with an almost nauseating grace as it watches with its single red eye.
This enormous black wolf’s eyes gleam with a cunning intellect, and its fangs glow with the light of a cold moon.
This enormous book has wings of glowing light and an angelic figure on the cover that gazes out watchfully as though alive.
This enormous caterpillar is covered with hundreds of sharp, poisonous bristles.
This enormous creature’s serpentine neck supports a leering
 reptilian head—its body is a wriggling mass of tentacles.
This enormous f lippered creature is as pale as an iceberg and is
nearly as large.
This enormous hound has a single, glowering green eye, and its flanks are matted with hair soaked in filth and gore.
This enormous humanoid possesses vibrant green skin and equally loud hair, and is surrounded by a ring of huge drums and storm clouds.
This enormous owl has a silent gracefulness and wisdom about it despite its considerable size.
This enormous scaled serpent has the head of a shark, powerful claws, and a maw wide enough to swallow a small ship.
This enormous scorpion-like creature has legs like jagged bark and a moss-colored body. It barbed tail drips foul-smelling venom and its wide mouth has multiple hinged jaws.
This enormous segmented worm shimmers with iridescent colors, and large bristles run along its sides.
This enormous snail has a brightly colored shell and four tentacles on its head, each tipped with a mace-like club.
This enormous snake has glowing green eyes, large fangs, and
wide, membranous wings.
This enormous white fungus has sharp spines on its stalk, and its multiple caps are covered in blood-red globules that appear on the brink of rupturing.
This enormous wolf-headed sea serpent’s maw leads into what
seems to be an endless expanse within.
This enormous woman’s eye darts constantly, never settling or focusing. Scrolls dangle from the belt that encircles her chiton.
This enormous worm has stony hide and acid-dripping jaws.
This enormous worm is covered with dark purple plates of chitinous armor. Its giant, tooth-filled mouth is the size of an ox.
This enormous, bat-like creature is shaped from utter darkness, its eyes tiny red stars in the blackest night.
This enormous, bestial demon combines the worst aspects of a bear, a mantis, a wolf, and a reptilian humanoid.
This enormous, ebon-skinned giant is covered in glowing red runes and exotic plate armor.
This enormous, eyeless eel-person has a round head atop its long neck and a thick torso with four hand-like tentacles and two long tails. Its skin is translucent, displaying colorful fluids rippling within, and embedded with strange objects.
This enormous, finned reptile has a long mouth full of sharp teeth and moves through the water with incredible speed.
This enormous, fleshy green caterpillar has the face of a serene human woman.
This enormous, horrifically bloated fly has a proboscis shaped like a serrated hook. Its many-faceted eyes smolder like hot coals.
This enormous, insectlike creature is covered in downy white fur, broken only by glossy black claws and portions of its exoskeleton. A pair of iridescent eyes gleams above a horrid three-part mouth that drips viscous fluid.
This enormous, long-necked quadruped moves with an uncanny grace, holding its lengthy, whiplike tail out level behind it.
This enormous, spider-like creature has three clawed tails and eight legs connected by leathery webs of flesh.
This enormous, stooped creature has powerful limbs; a mane of gritty brown fur; and a ferocious, tusked underbite.
This enormous, water-dwelling serpent has bright, bulging eyes and rounded jaws filled with long, jagged teeth.
This entity appears to be a skeletal human form hidden under tattered yellow robes, but it moves with unsettling, inhuman grace.
This ethereal ball of faces hovers in the middle of the air. Tears stream from every one of the faces’ eyes, but the drops fade to nothing before they reach the ground.
This evil-looking animated mask shows the face of a horned fiend, its eyes popping and its leering smile full of fangs.
This eyeless, eel-like beast has a menacing mouth and sharp fins running down its long, black-and-orange body.
This f leshy behemoth wallows forward on four stumpy legs. Its jaws spread wide in a roar of challenge, exposing massive, tusk-like teeth.
This faceless construct has a crystal wand set into its chest, bristling with arcane energy.
This faceless, spindly humanoid has dragonfly wings, and its woody skin is covered in shifting colors and patterns.
This faintly glowing ball of light bobs gently in the air, the nebulous image of what might be a skull visible somewhere in its depths.
This fanged horse is in an advanced state of decay, yet despite its
 dripping maggots, it moves as if it were very much alive.
This fanged humanoid has hideously transparent skin, revealing the vivid colors of internal organs and ivory bones inside its body.
This fanged, three-eyed giant rages in its finely crafted armor, its skin as red as a smoldering ember.
This fearfully thin man’s skin is tinged with an ashen hue, and his vivid, black eyes burn with a hungry focus.
This feathered bipedal saurian looks somewhat comical—save for its outlandish sword-sized claws.
This ferocious ursine brute has blade-like metallic teeth and appears to be covered in overlapping iron plates.
This fey-looking humanoid is colored in shades of gray. Its wings are decorated with colored motes resembling a starry night sky.
This fiend appears to be a slim half-elf with long hair and a slender set of black ram horns. Covered by a sheer gown, her skin is tinged blue and covered with an elaborate tracery of white, scarified tattoos. A long, serpentine tail sprouts from the base of her spine, ending in a fanged maw. Her extremities are withered and blackened, ending in scorched, fleshless talons, and her unearthly beauty is further marred by a red, unblinking third eye.
This fiend is a horrendous amalgamation of snapping claws and writhing tendrils with a disgusting fanged mouth running vertically across its torso.
This fiend seems carved from weathered ivory, and runes and symbols of power cover its pale flesh. Its eyes glow an eerie yellow, and horns curl from its eerie, mouthless head.
This fiend’s armored flesh is scaly and moist. Its large, toothy mouth gapes below a pair of hungry, reptilian eyes.
This fiendish figure appears to be shaped from pure flame with a feline face. Three wicked tongues dart from the creature’s mouth.
This fiendish figure, complete with bat wings, claws, a fanged bull’s head, and cloven feet, bellows a roar of challenge.
This fierce and feral-looking woman has huge wings and clawed hands and feet, and carries a wicked-looking longbow.
This fierce creature merges the front half of a great cat with the tail and other characteristics of a giant fish.
This fiery sphere of energy pulses like an ember in a warm hearth. Three silver eyes swim across the globe’s surface, widening and narrowing as they consider their prey, and three whip-like tentacles slowly twitch in the manner of a cat’s tail.
This figure seems caught at the moment of transformation between human and animal. Though its bearded face seems like a man’s, its head is crowned with a rack of antlers, and its hunched body is covered in patches of sleek black fur.
This figure would be the picture of elegance and refinement were it not for its grotesque fly head and shivering insectile wings.
This figure’s backward-bending fingers and its bestial, snarling visage leave little doubt as to its fiendish nature.
This filthy creature resembles a small, wide-mouthed fat child made from leaves, vines, tree bark, dirt, and pallid tubers.
This filthy rat is the size of a small dog. It has a coat of coarse fur, a long and scabby tail, and two glittering eyes.
This fine-featured humanoid wears exotic clothing and has flashing eyes; his arms are sheathed in a blaze of crackling flames.
This finely crafted golden helm is decorated with intricate filigree, and flutters gracefully through the air on feathered wings.
This finely robed and nimble fiend has six colorful vipers in place of arms, and a long, forked tongue in its fanged mouth.
This finely sculpted statue is formed of hardened clay. Its muscular body is topped with the head of a feline predator.
This fish is enormous—a sleek predator with bony scales and a long set of toothy jaws.
This fish lies beneath the sand with only its bulbous eyes and upturned maw full of jagged teeth protruding.
This fishlike reptile has a thin, streamlined snout filled with needlelike teeth and a long, flat tail that it uses to propel itself through the water.
This flabby, fishlike humanoid has the wide mouth, bulging eyes, and dangling, luminescent flesh lure of a deep-sea predator.
This flame-red humanoid appears to be a strange mix of insect and reptile, with four arms and twitching, fanged mandibles.
This flame-red, four-armed creature has large mandibles and numerous hornlike projections spike from its head.
This fleshy, slug-like creature has two long pseudopods that end in lumps of hard, callused flesh, and its whole body sizzles with acidic slime as it slides forward through melting stone.
This floating creature has long brown fur. Its face features a pair of long tusks and a curious elongated trunk for a snout.
This floating creature is mostly pulsating brain-sac, with an atrophied manikin body hanging under it.
This floating creature looks like an orc’s animate, hollow skin. Its upper half is intact, but its lower half is in tatters.
This floating, ghostly humanoid’s face is a blend of human and beast. Canine shapes twine around the creature’s legs.
This floating, purple brain has occult sigils glowing on its surface and tentacles made of ectoplasm.
This fluid creature’s roughly humanoid form is composed entirely of thick gobbets of soggy, brown mud.
This flying head has incredibly large ears that constantly flap to keep the creature aloft. It babbles to itself as it flies, as if to remind itself of secrets only it knows.
This flying reptile has large, leathery wings and a vibrantly colored crest on its horned, narrow-snouted head.
This flying reptile has two huge wings and a distinctive backward-sweeping crest decorating its head.
This flying, bulbous, tumor-riddled mass has numerous arms,
 no legs, and a leering, three-eyed face.
This foot-long, gray-and-black-striped insect looks like a cross between a bee and f ly, with an oversized head and bulbous eyes.
This foul creature looks like an emaciated humanoid with the head of a jackal.
This four-armed clockwork construct has a glowing crystal globe as a head and a shining crystal set into its chest.
This four-armed creature looks like a cross between a human and a black and ochre termite. Its body and arms display glowing runes.
This four-armed faceless woman has flesh that appears to be made of pale marble veined with traceries of blue lines.
This four-armed fiend has blue-green skin covered in white scars. Its two upper arms end in long, barbed whips of calloused flesh.
This four-armed humanoid horror is garbed in golden armor and surrounded by a nimbus of floating, glowing weaponry.
This four-armed metal construct has a roughly humanoid shape, with the obvious exception of a missing head. Veins of brass overlay a body of meshed platinum and silver, with intricate circular grooves visible above, below, and between its twin sets of arms.
This four-armed nightmare stands with an elegance that seems out of place, given its demonic visage. Huge black wings fan behind its back, and flickering black blades burn in its hands.
This four-armed, gorilla-like creature, covered with matted white fur, roars in rage as it rears up to its full, towering height.
This four-armed, human-sized clockwork construct balances on three legs that rise into a central body.
This four-legged animal with a long-horned, bovine head looks like a cross between a horse and a long-haired yak.
This four-legged creature has the tusked jaw, broad shoulders, and bristled back of a boar, and large eyes with cross-shaped irises. A pair of short, bony protrusions mark its forehead, as though its horns had broken off in battle.
This fowl has a compact body, a short beak flanked by red wattles, and a crimson comb on the crown of its head.
This fox-headed humanoid has a sleek, feminine form that moves with seductive grace. As she steps into a defensive posture, a mass of bushy tails flicks at the air above her back and she reveals teeth flecked with blood.
This freakish beast has the head of a badger, the hooves of a stag, and a wide mouth with sharp ridges of bone instead of teeth.
This frighteningly majestic creature spreads wide her runeadorned wings. Molten iron weeps from her hooves, and her three tails are studded with barbs.
This frozen mammoth erupts into movement, its bones armored with plates of ice and eyes burning with cold flames.
This fungoid canine creature skitters forward on many segmented legs, a gurgling growl issuing from its fanged maw.
This furred creature has long tentacles that are covered in ridges and suction discs in place of arms, legs, and a tail.
This furred humanoid has protruding fangs and thin membranes of tissue connecting its arms to its sides.
This furry hominid’s orange eyes blaze not with fury but with wisdom, and the white hair around its face is streaked with gray.
This furry, minute serpent has a foxlike head and tiny eyes that glitter with intelligence.
This furtive gray-skinned woman wears a tattered cloak and a spiky circlet. The barbed hook of her weapon glistens with poison.
This gangly black wasp has delicate wings, articulate hands on its front legs, and a pair of jagged stingers the length of a human arm.
This gangly, long-armed creature has a face like a calf’s, but with a mane of lank hair and front-facing eyes the size of saucers.
This gargoyle-like creature has long spiky legs and a bat-like head—its body seems to be made of living, dark purple crystal.
This gaunt and faceless figure has pallid, translucent skin
This gaunt fairy has tattered ears, black eyes, and a huge mouth filled with mismatched teeth. It carries an oversized pair of pliers.
This gaunt figure has ashy yellow skin and a strange, feathered mask covering most of her face, save for her wide, fang-filled mouth.
This gaunt humanoid has pale, translucent skin and is arched backward, scuttling on its hands and feet. A mass of barbed, black tentacles extends from its exposed abdomen.
This gaunt humanoid’s body is entirely cased in black plate armor. Its open-faced helm reveals its pale skin and shallow, fleshy hollows where its eyes should be.
This gaunt man appears drained of color, like a person viewed at twilight or in a dark alley.
This gaunt mermaid has a long, semitransparent tail with a vivid
red crest and caudal fin.
This gaunt woman has blood-soaked hair, eyes and lips stitched shut with wire, and severed limbs that float nearby as if they were still attached.
This gaunt, clawed faerie creature wears simple, homespun clothing and a malicious grin. Its oversized ears stick out from the sides of its head, and it wears its long earlobes like a scarf.
This gaunt, ghoulish figure’s skin is inscribed with faintly glowing runes. Short-lived afterimages trail behind it.
This gaunt, hairless humanoid has gray skin and the tattered wings of a raven. Instead of eyes, empty pits of blackness stare from wide eye sockets. Its fingertips are stained black and the air around it ripples with unseen energy.
This gaunt, hunched humanoid’s unblinking eyes stare out from a pale face wrapped in dark cloth.
This gaunt, long-limbed quadruped has huge, soulless eyes and a toothy maw. The lean creature moves with a predatory grace.
This gaunt, scaled humanoid has reptilian eyes, a barely
perceptible nose, and a wide, lipless mouth filled with sharp teeth.
This gaunt, two-foot-tall humanoid figure appears made of corn husks, and carries an oversized basket filled with corn.
This ghostlike creature reeks of the grave and drips with putrescent goo.
This ghostly apparition floats in the air on backward-facing feet. Its hands end in sharp talons, and its eyes glow with blue fire.
This ghostly creature is little more than a dark shape with two flickering pinpoints of light where its eyes should be.
This ghostly crusader floats just above the ground. Its translucent form would be harder to see if not for the twin motes of hellish red light staring out from behind its helmet.
This ghostly image of a sad-eyed young woman hovers suspended in the air. Her face never loses its mournful expression.
This ghostly, emaciated figure’s mouth hangs agape in an endless howl, and its abnormally long arms almost touch the ground.
This ghoulish figure wears a tattered robe and stares with milky-white eyes, a proboscis-like tongue snaking out over its distended jaw.
This giant armored snake has large fangs, dripping with venom that hisses when it spatters on the ground.
This giant bee is as large as a horse and unusually fat, with light brown stripes on her body.
This giant ebon bird is streaked in lines of fiery embers and red lightning, clouds of black smoke billowing behind it.
This giant fanged cricket is caked in pungent fungal growths and topped with a mushroom-like cap.
This giant has a majestic presence and stoic bearing. His rocky, red-brown skin is shot through with streaks of shimmering color.
This giant has chiseled, muscular features and a flat, forward-sloping head, looking almost as if it were carved of stone.
This giant has pale green, scaled skin and large, webbed hands and feet. On either side of its neck are slotted gills.
This giant has the arms and armor of an ancient warrior. Her golden skin and flame-colored hair amplify the light around her.
This giant is a towering, muscular human of heroic proportions, with bronze skin, dark hair, and sparkling green eyes.
This giant looks like a thick, muscular human. It has frost-white skin and long, light blue hair that it wears braided.
This giant moth has a head like a doe skull and six short tentacles instead of legs. Its wings drizzle a cascade of shimmering dust.
This giant translucent leech has three squirming tentacles around an orifice on one end and a stinger on the other.
This giant turtle has a large, thin membrane of scaly skin extending from its shell to its legs.
This giant vermin waves two scything forelegs threateningly as hissing acid drips from its mandibles.
This giant, furry bat is nearly the size of an ox, with dark leathery wings that open wider than two men with arms outstretched.
This giant, tubular creature ends in a mass of thick and brilliantly colored tendrils arrayed around an enormous, toothless maw.
This giant’s gray skin sparkles as if with reflected light and is pocked with what look like impact craters on its rocklike surface.
This giant’s maw contains a pair of dripping tusks, but it is its gangly third arm that makes its appearance truly bizarre.
This giant’s skin is dead black, and it wears a gold-inlaid breastplate, a headdress, and armbands decorated with skulls.
This gigantic burrowing insect has an oversized abdomen. A terrifying set of long, hooked mandibles protrudes from its head.
This gigantic creature’s stony body is laced with veins of deep red and black minerals that pulse with dark energy. Its face is a mask of rage with glowing red eyes and a pit of pitch blackness for a mouth.
This gigantic lizard has short but powerful limbs, a muscular tail, and a spiny crest that runs the length of its body.
This gigantic spider-thing is covered in jagged red-and-black chitin. Many-legged and alien, the creature’s waving tendrils and serrated pedipalps twitch hungrily beneath a cluster of unblinking black eyes. Hooked claws at the ends of its many-jointed legs pierce the earth with every step.
This gigantic two-headed vulture has greasy, night-black wings and sharp talons.
This gigantic, wingless, four-armed dragon has rivulets of bright red magma coursing through its serpentine body.
This gilded mechanical bird produces melodious songs from its complex clockwork voice box.
This gilded statue appears to be crafted of solid gold plates, its shining visage carved with exquisite detail into an eerie replica of a human face.
This gillman’s lean, athletic frame speaks to a life of hard work, but his keen eyes and appraising smirk suggest a sharp mind and daring nature.
This glittering blue dragonfly is about the size of a horse and is large enough to carry off small farm animals or people.
This glittering ooze suddenly flexes and bulges as portions of it begin to crystallize.
This glittering serpent’s body ends in a tangled, looping length of tail. Its scales glow softly in ever-changing patterns.
This gloriously plumed anthropomorphic eagle has feathers tipped with shimmering gold, and claws with sharp black talons.
This glossy blue-black beetle is the size of a cow.
This glossy, jet-black bird stands as tall as a dwarf. Its eerily intelligent black eyes are quick to take in everything around it.
This gnarled vine, as thick as a man’s arm and bearing hand-shaped leaves, convulses across the ground in an unnatural slither.
This gnome-sized humanoid’s face is adorned with fiery red eyes and a sharp-toothed mouth that seems too wide for its head. The creature is garbed in leaves and possesses no hair—patches of grass and moss grow from its skin instead.
This goat-headed humanoid is covered in a mangy gray hide that only partly covers its gaunt but muscled frame.
This goat-like creature has a thick, snowy-white woolen coat. Its eyes gleam with a metallic golden sheen. Its hooves have sharpened, serrated edges and are soaked in blood. A single strand of scarlet thread is tangled between its curled ram horns.
This goat-sized insect tilts its head to the side as it grinds its mouthparts in an intimidating trill.
This goblin has a bizarre amalgamation of asymmetrical parts, including dragonfly wings, a partial arm, and scales.
This golden-skinned fiend has horns, fangs, and bulging eyes. It grips a spiked club in its four-fingered claws.
This golden-winged humanoid wears sturdy armor, including a crowned helm with a blank faceplate and a gleaming mirror on their broad chest. Large metal spikes pierce the creature’s arms, hands, and shoulders.
This graceful animal has long slender legs and a pair of sharp, sturdy horns arching back from its head.
This graceful creature combines the features of a human and a river dolphin.
This graceful humanoid woman wears a flowing gown of sparkling starlight and a circlet of moss.
This graceful winged insect is a riot of color that glides through the air like a flittering dream.
This graceful, elegant dragon has six legs, a radiantly feathered tail and wings, and scales that appear to be made of solid sunlight.
This granite-skinned humanoid stands as tall as a dwarf, though a flickering flame hovers where its head should be.
This gray-and-white feathered owl has fluffy wings and a bulky head that makes it look larger than most owls.
This gray-skinned dwarf wears iron plates over a set of purple and magenta robes and carries a warhammer.
This gray-skinned goliath is lean and muscled. Its four powerful arms carry weapons, and it wears a leather chest harness.
This gray-skinned humanoid has long, willowy limbs and a bulbous head with oversized black eyes.
This gray-skinned humanoid wears fine red robes. The being has four arms, each ending in a three-fingered hand.
This gray, human-sized porcupine’s round body is covered in sharp, striped quills.
This grayish humanoid creature seems almost unfinished, with a narrow head, gaunt limbs, and a sinister, noseless face.
This great cat’s muscles flex visibly under its skin as it bares its fangs and shakes its thick mane of hair.
This great reptilian monster is an aquatic lizard with a beard of tentacles and a sting-tipped tail.
This great serpent has multicolored wings and eyes that glimmer with intense awareness.
This great, writhing aquatic beast is pale blue with bright yellow stripes, and possesses a f lipperlike tail to aid it as it swims.
This green-skinned fey has webbed hands and feet. Its hair is the color of seaweed, and is decorated with shells.
This green-tined dragon has multiple sets of legs down its long, sinuous body. An oversized gullet bulges in its throat.
This grim band of hobgoblin hunters is equipped with sturdy armor and well-used weapons.
This grinning spectre has mad eyes and blood-red hands that twitch and jerk like a puppeteer’s.
This grotesque and malevolent creature appears to be a crushed ball of broken humanoid body parts spraying blood.
This grotesque creature looks like a gigantic toad with leathery wings, fangs, horns, and three bulbous eyes.
This grotesque mass of blubber and rancid flesh piles up hideously upon itself, opening a vast maw filled with teeth.
This grotesque, crimson wormlike creature has a circular mouth full of fangs. A pair of segmented tentacles sporting razor-edged ridges protrudes from the sides of its mouth.
This grotesque, emerald-scaled creature resembles a crossbreed of an eel, a viperfish, and a clawed humanoid.
This gruesome wall is made stacked corpses mortared together into an unyielding mass of grasping limbs, topped with a dragon skull.
This hag’s lumpy hide, tangled black hair, and ragged garments drip with icy water, though she has a curiously sweet smell.
This hairless blue lion has twin tentacular tails. Dozens more thick tentacles quiver and twitch where its mane should be.
This hairless humanoid lurches on back-bent, dog-like legs, its hideous mouth flanked by tiny arms with three-fingered hands.
This hairless simian’s leathery skin has a camouflage pattern to it that shifts and changes as the creature moves.
This hairless, black-skinned elf like creature has an expressionless face and wields an eerie ebon sword.
This hairless, hunchbacked giant has cruel tusks and two enormous, blunt-clawed fists that look strong enough to shatter stone.
This hairless, leathery biped has a face dominated by grotesque and unsettling whorls and slits instead of actual features.
This hairless, leathery giant has no discernible features aside from unsettling whorls across its skin and grotesque, slurping tongues where its face should be.
This hairless, wrinkly rodent is blue-black in color. Its teeth protrude at all angles from its circular mouth.
This hairy humanoid giant’s misshapen head appears too large for its body. It wields a lumpy, primitive club.
This hairy humanoid has orange-brown hair, a broad chest, and
muscular arms.
This half-bodied monstrosity with a toothy mouth and stringy hair hops about on its single leg with unusual grace.
This half-mouse, half-lizard creature has large eyes and stands on its hind legs, radiating an air of goodwill.
This handsome young man has hair of dappled black and white on his head and body alike, and he carries a variety of wands and talismans in addition to his weapons.
This handsome, grinning man has the furry legs of a goat and a set of curling ram horns extending from his temples.
This hawk-sized avian looks much like a six-legged stork. Its feathers are unkempt and greasy, and its beak is razor-sharp.
This heavenly warrior appears to be a work of art come to life. She grips a fearsome glaive that trails brilliant colors.
This heavily scarred, towering giant wears the hide of a black dragon, and wields a massive club studded with dragon’s teeth.
This hideous avian creature has the body of an emaciated rooster, the wings of a bat, and a long, scaly tail.
This hideous creature blends features of both bat and ape, with fleshy wings and hind legs ending in sharp claws.
This hideous creature has a jet-black segmented body, four beady eyes, batlike wings, and a pair of oversized mandibles that glisten with green ichor.
This hideous cross between a lobster, an octopus, and a human threatens enemies with powerful claws and writhing tentacles.
This hideous humanoid creature has slimy, transparent skin; webbed, humanoid hands; and a snaggletoothed, horse-like face.
This hideous monstrosity looks like an enormous curled maggot, varicolored like deeply bruised flesh. Three flailing tentacles adorn each side of the thing’s huge, pulsating mouth, and five more arch from its hindquarters.
This hideous purple creature walks upright like a man, but its face is that of a spider, and its hands are sickle-shaped claws.
This hideous sea monstrosity combines the most ferocious features of simian and carp, its fish-like tail sprouting a grotesquely primitive humanoid torso, head, and limbs. Although little more than 2 feet long, the nasty thing gibbers wildly as it gnashes its curling fangs and swipes at prey with webbed claws.
This hideous shape has the head of a feral elk with jagged teeth and sharp antlers. Its humanoid legs end in blackened, burnt stumps.
This hideous, buzzing cloud of insects is comprised of black and yellow wasps with hungry red eyes.
This hideous, hunchbacked creature has three glowing blue eyes. Oily hair grows from its head and back, covering it like a cloak.
This hideously gaunt woman has tangled white hair, goatlike horns, and menacing eyes that blaze with green light.
This hideously malformed, hairless, pustule-covered corpse moves and snarls more like an undead hound than an undead man.
This hollow-eyed, blue-skinned woman has a vulture’s wings, birdlike talons for hands and feet, and a fang-filled mouth.
This horned, albino ape has four arms and thick white fur braided with bone fetishes and trophies. It carries a strangely shaped throwing axe.
This horned, winged, wolf-headed demon has bone-white flesh
 onto which have been riveted plates of spiky armor.
This horribly withered creature moves in jerks and twitches as if constantly wracked with pain. Waves of shadow undulate through the creature’s body, emerging like appendages from just beneath its dry, stretched skin.
This horrid mass of eyes, mouths, and formless flesh stares in all directions, its countless maws yammering ceaselessly.
This horrid thing looks like a skinless wolf and stands taller than a house. Its oozing muscle and tissues twitch and quiver as terrible lupine maws form and melt away into its fleshless body. These fanged gashes struggle forth from the beast’s gigantic mass, but are restrained by layers of heavy, rusted chains that dangle and lash, constrict and loosen seemingly of their own insidious accord. Around the hellish wolf, the world is flogged by chains and barbed tendrils, flensing all things that come near.
This horrific humanoid figure is a mass of bones and skulls tied together with slick ropes of sinew.
This horrifying creature has the upper body of a beautiful woman, but a lower body of snapping wolf heads and writhing tentacles.
This horror is composed of dozens, if not hundreds, of decomposing cadavers held together as an amalgamated whole.
This horse-sized housefly has a vulture’s neck growing out of its body, capped with a fleshless vulture skull.
This horse-sized insect has a brilliant red carapace, and its monstrous face ref lects great intelligence and confidence.
This horse-sized wasp is covered in yellow and black vertical stripes—its stinger is the size of a sword and drips with venom.
This housecat-sized beetle is a dull brown color brightened by two glowing green-yellow spots on its carapace.
This housecat-sized miniature dragon has fine scales, sharp horns, wicked little teeth, and a tail tipped with a barbed stinger.
This hovering iron maiden heaves forth a monstrously pregnant mass of tortured limbs and raw tentacles.
This hovering, translucent humanoid appears to sleep serenely, even as shards of flickering energy encircle it, each fragment reflecting younger or older versions of itself.
This howling corpse swoops through the air with hideously elongated legs and a bow made of bone.
This huge construct of black metal is all spikes and armor, save for several forge-like stacks that burn atop its crown and back.
This huge dinosaur has a small head, twin rows of sharp dorsal plates, and a muscular tail terminating in a set of bony spikes.
This huge monstrosity seems like some alien, clawed insect, with vaguely humanoid features and three tentacular tails.
This huge, fungal growth has a stalk as black as the shadows, and dark motes float in the air around its enormous cap.
This huge, rather slow-moving and slothlike creature has long,
clawed forelimbs and short rear legs.
This hulking bear-headed fiend has a mouth full of fangs and clawed, six-fingered hands with too many knuckles.
This hulking beast has slick, gray, hairless skin. Its numerous yellow eyes and wide toothy maw are its only facial features.
This hulking creature has the lower half of an eight-legged stallion and the upper half of a horned frost giant.
This hulking figure shines with a metallic luster as a heavy yellow gas flows from the creature’s back.
This hulking headless corpse clutches a massive axe in each fist. A grotesquely skinned face stretches across the creature’s chest.
This hulking humanoid figure of packed red sand is no taller than an average human, but it is brawny and exceptionally broad.
This hulking humanoid’s body is covered in decaying skin and filthy fur. Its milky-white eyes show no hint of intelligence.
This hulking humanoid’s dense fur is scored with rune-shaped brands. Skin cracked and blackened by frostbite stretches taught over a misshapen skull crowned with a pair of ivory horns.
This hulking juggernaut has two massively muscled arms and a group of four smaller ones that jut from under its rib cage.
This hulking mass of blubber and bone looks like it was once a whale. Ghostly flames glow in each of its eye sockets.
This hulking merfolk has rotting skin, dull black eyes, and four thick tentacles ending in toothy maws protruding from its back.
This hulking minotaur’s hooves are clad in imposing steel. The massive beast wears a heavy bronze mask that covers most of its face.
This hulking mix of ogre and crab has one huge pincer that snaps menacingly, while its other arm is a twisted, humanlike hand.
This hulking mountain of fur and fangs looks like a whitefurred
 bear of immense proportions with ten legs, each ending
 in massive, jet-black claws. Its head, with slavering jaws and
 a tongue dripping silvery foam, sits at the end of a long yet
 thickly muscled neck. Its dead black eyes are small but infinite
 pits of malice.
This hulking reptilian humanoid’s torso bristles with twitching vestigial limbs, milk-white eyes, and drooling half-formed mouths. The creature’s oversized maw is filled with curved teeth reminiscent of sickle blades.
This hulking shadow exudes a palpable menace, its form twisting into the shapes of hooks, grasping hands, and writhing tentacles.
This hulking thing is a patchwork of rotten cloth and grotesque skin, with stray bits of straw poking out the seams.
This hulking, four-armed, four-headed, sting-tailed gargoyle stands as tall as a house.
This hulking, four-legged beast has thick, chitinous plates covering its body. Steaming acid drips from its snapping maw.
This hulking, roughly humanoid creature of dirt and stone explodes up from the earth, faceless save for two glowing gemstone eyes.
This hulking, serpentine creature resembles an oversized salamander devoid of color. Its flesh is pockmarked with coal-like scales and metallic piercings, and it carries a fearsome spear.
This hulking, wide-headed ant is the size of a horse, its antennae twitching and mandibles scarred.
This human-shaped beast has a horse’s skull for a head. It walks on cracked hooves and bears the rotting wings of a carrion bird.
This human-sized automaton resembles a crude humanoid figure made of cast-off pieces of wood.
This human-sized bird has a long neck and legs sprouting from a round body covered in fluffy gray feathers.
This human-sized crablike creature scuttles on six stumpy legs, and each of its four arms sports a different method of inflicting pain.
This human-sized spider has a red eyes, spindly legs, and cloaklike folds of black flesh that obscure its head.
This human-sized, mosquito-like creature has a long, flexible proboscis that ends in a murderous stinger.
This humanlike creature is clad in gaudy clothing, and each of its spindly limbs terminates in a strange wheel-appendage.
This humanoid appears to be made of darkness, and has no discernible ears, eyes, mouth, or nose.
This humanoid creature has a fearsome mien, with a cruel red face, glaring yellow eyes, a prodigious nose, and large ravenlike wings.
This humanoid creature has long, sharp teeth, and its pallid flesh is stretched tightly over its starved frame.
This humanoid creature has the head of a ravening, horned lion. A chorus of anguished screams echoes from his gaping maw.
This humanoid creature has the legs of a bald goat, a completely hairless body, and a horned head with a sinister expression.
This humanoid creature has two mouths in its eyeless head, one small and human, the other split into terrifying jaws.
This humanoid creature’s pale orange, withered skin peels from its flesh in patches. Its yellow eyes stare, unblinking but seething with rage.
This humanoid creature’s skin is scorched brown and pulled taut against its bones. Flames flicker in its hollow eye sockets.
This humanoid figure has two impossibly deep pits where its eyes should be, and long claws that stretch toward the ground.
This humanoid figure is garbed only in leather straps wrapped around her translucent skin, as well as scattered pieces of armor. She wields a wicked two-pronged blade.
This humanoid figure’s body fades into mist below the hips, while its upper, ghostly torso is bound in lengths of writhing chains.
This humanoid has the lower body of a giant seahorse and a round, colorful face dominated by wide, staring eyes and hideous fangs.
This humanoid head floats silently and ominously, bits of flesh still hanging from its face and graying teeth clattering slightly as it bobs in the air.
This humanoid is covered in shaggy fur and carries a heavy axe in one of his clawed hands.
This humanoid is covered in small feathers and bears the head of a grand eagle. Its arms are feathered like wings, and it has talons in place of hands.
This humanoid is mostly hidden behind plates of elaborate golden armor, the spaces in between revealing flesh of black stone.
This humanoid plant creature has the prickly hide of a cactus, and smaller cactuses seemingly sprout from its flesh.
This humanoid salamander carries a gnarled staff in one hand. Tendrils drape its chin, resembling the beard of an eccentric hermit.
This humanoid skeleton has black raven wings, a long tail, and a polished vulture-like mask where its face should be.
This humanoid tiger has striped fur and a muscular, lanky frame. Its feline face has sharp fangs and slitted eyes.
This humanoid turtle crouches near the water, a suspicious look in its eyes. The top of its bowl-shaped head is filled with water.
This humanoid wolf’s fur is snowy white and its eyes piercing blue; it grips an ornate spear in its fist.
This humanoid-shaped colossus is a towering fury of burning wicker and wood.
This humanoid-shaped figure of folded paper and silken ribbons hovers gently in the air. It wears the open cover of some great tome like a metal- and leather-bound mask.
This humanoid’s scaly hide is dull gray. Its frame resembles that of a cave lizard, with a long tail and crests on its head and back.
This hunchbacked, fiery-skinned humanoid possesses black eyes beneath the bony ridges of its brow, wears elaborate heavy armor, and wields an ornate metal club.
This hunchbacked, green-skinned humanoid has a wide, frog-like head but a mouth more akin to that of a toothy fish.
This hunched creature looks like a human in studded leather, but fur covers its body. Its face is rat-like, and it has a long, naked tail.
This hunched giant exudes power and a crude, stupid anger, its filthy fur clothing bespeaking a brutish and backwoods lifestyle.
This hunched giant has spindly limbs covered in moss and a
riot of vines and mushrooms for a torso. It has two bright red
mushrooms growing where its eyes should be, and it sports a
long beard of woven grass.
This hunched-over wretch has long, pliable arms like tentacles capped with five wide, spiny claws.
This hunched-over, vaguely humanoid creature has gauntly muscled biceps beneath a sandy hide and coarse fur. Its head is that of a jagged-toothed antelope, the face spotted with rot and sand slowly sifting out from between the fibers of its hair, and its legs end at the shin in stumps of charred flesh.
This hunched, barefoot old woman leans heavily on her gnarled staff. She wears two plague masks on opposite sides of her head.
This hunched, bat-winged horror moves with an uncanny grace, its glowing eyes and long tongue presenting a frightening visage.
This hybrid of human and shark holds its spear menacingly, thick, glistening saliva dripping from its razor-sharp teeth.
This hyena is covered in shaggy, tan-colored fur with black and brown stripes.
This icy statue stands a head taller than a normal human. A rime of frost coats it, and razor-sharp shards of ice adorn its limbs.
This iguana-headed scholar wears a robe of frills and scales covered in baubles and trinkets.
This ill-tempered beast’s tiny, bloodshot eyes glare angrily above a mouth filled with sharp tusks.
This immense behemoth of a hippo is larger than an elephant. Its teeth are like scimitars, and it moves with an indomitable gait.
This immense bird seems to be made of living flame. It spreads its wings and gives vent to a musical cry as it takes to the air.
This immense black wolf is the size of a horse, its fangs as large and sharp as knives.
This immense bovine has horns reminiscent of a stag, with daggerlike points spreading more than fifteen feet across.
This immense butterfly-like creature has the face of a moth, brightly colored wings and body, and a long three-pronged tail that looks like peacock feathers. As it beats its wings, a light misting of sparkling dust falls from them. Its large multifaceted eyes hold within their otherworldly beauty the spark of intelligence and reasoning.
This immense creature has four bat-like wings and a spherical body. Red eyes peer from all sides, and two huge claws dangle below.
This immense creature looks like a horned rattlesnake, save for its two muscular arms, each of which wields a scimitar.
This immense creature’s warty body is shaped like a many-pointed star, and from it sprout nearly a dozen different wings.
This immense eagle’s feathers are golden brown and shimmer in the light. Its sharp beak and curved talons are dark yellow.
This immense green-skinned brute wields a tree branch for a club and has nine heads, each filled with jutting teeth and tusks.
This immense lizard moves with a slow but relentless gait. Its feet end in large talons, and ropes of drool hang from its toothy maw.
This immense moth has huge purple wings marked with spiraling black patterns that seem to shift and writhe.
This immense mound of black slime thunders forward, eyes and mouths and even stranger things forming in its heaving bulk.
This immense plant has jaws inside its central flower and vines that thresh the air. Its ovular seedpods throb like beating hearts.
This immense primeval whale has a sleek body that looks more serpentine than mammal, and jaws filled with sharp teeth.
This immense purple spider has a legspan of nearly forty feet and a hideously bloated body, yet still moves with fluid grace.
This immense raptor unleashes a shrill cry as it bares its talons, each large enough to carry off a horse.
This immense reptile, an alligator of overwhelming size, emerges from the water with rapidly snapping jaws that grind menacingly between each bite.
This immense reptilian beast towers over its surroundings, all teeth and horns and claws and thrashing spiked tail.
This immense serpent is covered in dull red fur; the four vestigial legs sprouting from its sides don’t quite touch the ground.
This immense silvery beast is a majestic specimen, its gigantic jaws lined with rows of serrated teeth.
This immense skeletal dragon rears up to its full, towering height, bones glowing and shimmering with vile green energy.
This immense spotted lion stands as tall as a man at the shoulder, its fur matted with the blood of its victims.
This immense whale has an enormous, box-shaped head over a massive, toothy maw. Its rough white hide is laced with scars.
This immense whale moves slowly through the water with a grace that seems incongruous, given its immense size.
This immense white worm has a single circular eye in the center of its head. Wisps of icy fog waft up from between its mandibles.
This immense worm is covered with plates of dead-black, chitinous armor. Its toothy maw yawns like a cave.
This immense, eyeless worm is covered in a midnight blue hide. Four barbed tongues wriggle out from its open, lily-shaped maw.
This immense, three-eyed frog-like creature rears up on powerful hind legs. In place of arms, four huge tentacles thrash and writhe.
This immense, wingless dragon rears up on a serpentine body. Its triple tail and powerful talons swipe at the air.
This immense, wormlike creature piles its coils upon itself, exposing four scythe-shaped claws and a massive fanged mouth.
This impassive humanoid has shiny, pale skin and an eerily expressionless face.
This impeccably formed man has ice-blue skin. Bleeding icicles pierce his lips and form a jagged cloak around his waist and legs.
This imposing anthropomorphic being comprised of stone and spiked steel armor hefts an intimidating hammer.
This imposing creature stands on three legs, with a body like three torsos fused together. These torsos are topped with a single head bearing three faces, each set in a bland, serene expression.
This imposing humanoid is clad in black chainmail with a featureless helm. It clutches a serrated dire flail in its gauntlets, and several pairs of manacles on its belt writhe of their own accord.
This imposing one-eyed giant wears fragments of crude armor and
a breechcloth adorned with skulls. Its breath reeks of pestilence.
This impossibly enormous, whalelike monstrosity glares with a hundred red eyes, its cavernous maw lined with rows of sharp teeth.
This improbably large toad has pale blue flesh and a body covered with jagged, icy growths.
This incorporeal field shimmers with a constant f lux of colors and
shapes that coalesce into distorted, ephemeral images and ref lections.
This incredibly handsome man’s pointed ears and otherworldly grace betray an inhuman beauty.
This indistinct figure suddenly takes on a nightmarish shape, not quite human or animal or fiend.
This innocuous-looking scroll f lits about with serpentine grace, baring its razor-sharp edges.
This insane, twisted, humanoid-shaped tangle of limbs and
 gnashing teeth thrashes and howls, all too eager to wreak havoc.
This insectile construct skitters around on metallic legs, its manipulators clacking and glowing eyes searching.
This insectile monster has four legs, a strange propeller-shaped protrusion at the end of its tail, and two long, feathery antennae.
This insectoid creature has two pairs of bat wings, a tangle of thin legs, and a needle-sharp proboscis.
This iron automaton stands twice as tall as a normal human. Its heavy footfalls shake the ground with bone-jarring force.
This iron automaton, sculpted in the form of a legless dragon with exaggerated features and dull gray eyes, glides through the air as a serpent across sand.
This jackal-headed, brightly painted clay statue animates and lurches forward, hefting a wickedly hooked sword.
This jagged construct of glass has a human’s shape, save that one arm ends in a jagged hammer and another in a spike of glass.
This jet-black bird has a long, hooked beak. Its piercing orange eyes reflect any light that hits them, making them appear to glow ominously.
This jungle cat has a dark coat of striped fur, glossy black teeth
and claws, and a black mane.
This knobby-kneed, stunted humanoid, has a particularly thick beard and wild mane of hair, hiding most of its body from view.
This lanky dragon’s dappled grayish scales and sprawling wings shift and fade in color, blending in with the mist.
This lanky ebon humanoid has batlike wings, horns, and a long prehensile tail, but lacks a face.
This lanky fiend’s mouth is filled with sharp fangs, while great bat-like wings stretch from its scaly hide.
This lanky humanoid is formed from myriad crystal facets, each displaying an image of the past, the present, or a possible future.
This lanky man sneers as he draws his sword. Tiny horns and a barbed tail reveal that he is something more than human.
This lanky, winged humanoid is covered in layers of long, ropy skin growths.
This lanky, yellow-eyed drunk sways unsteadily, draped in the stink of barley and fermentation.
This large and lanky moss-colored humanoid has an elongated, toothy snout and appears to be covered in bits of foliage.
This large and majestic creature is nearly immobile, her massive abdomen swollen with her impending brood.
This large bear is completely white save for small black eyes and black lips hiding huge, glistening teeth.
This large beetle’s black, shiny exoskeleton clicks and grinds as it opens its dripping mandibles.
This large bird has brown and gray feathers and a vicious hooked beak.
This large bird has gray-and-white feathers, a long beak, and a bulbous sac on its throat that glows with a pale, sapphire light.
This large construct has arms that end in massive pincers, and the core in the center of its head glows with an unrivaled ferocity.
This large creature has light blue-green skin and cold, piercing eyes. Dressed in rough furs, its tusked jaw juts forth in a long underbite.
This large creature has the upper body of a winged woman and the lower body of a snake. She looks withered, like a preserved corpse.
This large creature is built like a rhinoceros, but with fangs like a
saber-toothed tiger and smaller hornlike ridges.
This large humanoid creature has two heads, one brutishlooking, the other with three eyes and gems and tattoos decorating its forehead.
This large hyena has a thick head, rheumy red eyes, and a mouth filled with sharp, powerful teeth.
This large leopard has six colorful snakes, hissing and ready to strike, sprouting from its shoulders.
This large rhinoceros has a shaggy pelt of long, brown fur and a row of immense horns on its snout and brow.
This large robot’s arms end in an assortment of drills, torches, hammers, and vices.
This large snake has a thick, muscular body and dull green scales decorated with dirty brown stripes.
This large snake has two heads, one at each end of its long, coiling body. Both display large sets of fangs.
This large spider-like monster has an eerie, humanoid face surrounded by a shaggy mane of fur.
This large tiger grumbles a warning as it crouches. Two saber-like fangs jut downward from its powerful jaws.
This large two-headed cobra can fly thanks to a large pair of sleek, black-feathered wings that sprout from its serpentine body.
This large warrior appears heavy and solid, with chiseled, angular features that make her look almost like a statue brought to life.
This large waterfowl has a wide wingspan, all-white feathers, a black bill, and a long, curving neck.
This large worm’s body is muscular and scaly, its mouth a nightmare of row upon row of triangular teeth.
This large-eyed humanoid looks like a glowing, emaciated elven child save for its small, transparent wings.
This large, adamantine sphere is carved to resemble the surface of Golarion, and burns with magical flame.
This large, brown, horse-like creature has a hawk’s wings, talons, and hooked beak.
This large, flying serpent has a humanlike head outlined by a colorful, frilled hood.
This large, four-legged reptile has a brown scaled hide and a long, powerful tail.
This large, horned bull has a dirty black hide and an aggressive temper. Its horns are wide and sharp.
This large, plump caterpillar is brilliantly colored and has a strangely self-important bearing.
This large, regal canine looks like a juvenile mastiff. It has red fur and vibrant blue eyes.
This large, sleek feline has a golden coat spotted with black. Its long and powerful legs are obviously capable of great speed.
This large, stocky canine’s dark-green fur is braided into intricate patterns that seem to loosen and retie themselves on their own.
This large, tawny rodent has powerful forelimbs ending in spade-like claws. Sand and mud cakes the creature’s fur.
This leafy bush bears flowers of a variety of shapes and colors, one of which resembles a toothy mouth at the end of a long stalk.
This lean ape-person is bedecked with a rattling collection of whistles, drums, and charms.
This lean humanoid bears crested fins on its head and back, and has the wide-eyed and wide-lipped face of a fish.
This lean, scaly beast has broad wings, horns, a single eye, and writhing tentacles within its sharp, toothy beak.
This lean, simian humanoid is covered in a layer of soft, lightly colored fur and has a long, prehensile tail.
This leathery creature has a lanky, ogre-like shape, but walks on all fours. Its claws, teeth, tail, and gait give it a degenerate , bestial appearance.
This leering, single-horned demon seems emaciated even clad in black dragonhide armor. A viscous layer of crimson slime glistens on its flesh, dripping over its armor in red rivulets.
This legless, winged, white-eyed dragon is covered in patches of diseased flesh, squirming with maggots and oozing pus.
This lengthy, segmented horror writhes and twists, pulsing its venomous mandibles in search of prey.
This light purple dragon has immense wings and a bifurcated tail, each end tipped with a hooked stinger. Heavy smoke drips from the beast’s nostrils and jaws.
This limber, shrieking creature has the visage of an enraged monkey, but it walks upright like a man.
This lion has washed-out coloration and a sharp shadow that extends an unnaturally long distance from its claws.
This lion-headed humanoid has golden fur, sharp teeth, and long cat-like claws on its hands and feet.
This lithe dancer would be beautiful were it not for her clawed hands, backward-facing head, and long, lolling tongue.
This lithe woman wears loose-fitting robes and wields a cruel-looking blade. Her eyes are pure white orbs.
This lithe, catlike humanoid has a long tail and pointed ears. Her feline eyes sparkle with curiosity and mischief.
This lithe, diminutive creature looks like a humanoid with wispy, mothlike wings and long, thin ears.
This lithe, green-scaled reptile looks like a miniature crocodile with a stunted muzzle.
This lithe, otherworldly woman has with deep brown eyes and
 dark green hair that cascades past her waist. She’s adorned in
 trinkets made from a great white pine’s needles and cones.
This lithe, shadowy creature is obviously feminine, yet the talons and horns leave no doubt as to her fiendish nature.
This lithe, six-armed humanoid has tusks that curve from his chin and carries a pair of bows.
This lithe, toothy creature’s jet-black skin looks like living tar, and ooze drips from the claws that cap its long arms.
This little green humanoid figure stands only three feet tall. Its head is faceless save for two hollow pits for eyes.
This little plant man walks on legs like tangled vines and has a pumpkin carved with eyes and a mouth for a head.
This little plant person is clad in a winglike leaf cloak and pinecone armor, wielding a twig as a makeshift spear.
This lizard-like creature stalks forward upon two muscular legs, a mane of spikes running down its scaly back.
This lobster-like creature has a thick armored shell. A pair of tiny eyes gleams above a mouth full of writhing tentacles.
This lobsterlike creature stands as tall as a human. Coils of reaching, pink tendrils slither from within its jaws.
This long-furred ape-person wears a battered snakeskin poncho and carries a worn musket.
This long-legged spider has a huge, glossy black abdomen, marked on the underside with the shape of a crimson hourglass.
This long-necked dragon has steamy breath, a lashing tail, and a back covered in hundreds of quills.
This long-necked reptile swims through the water propelled by four paddle-like feet, whipping a long and slender tail behind it as it gnashes its sharp, needle-like teeth.
This long-tailed aquatic beast resembles a massive snapping turtle with draconic features.
This long-tentacled jellyfish has a wide bell with a vaguely skull-shaped pattern on it.
This long, lean fish has a muscular body and a head with long jaws filled with sharp teeth.
This long, muscular snake rears up and shows its hood and fangs when threatened.
This long, serpent-bodied weasel has tusks and a snout similar to
that of a boar and a body covered with soft, green fur.
This looming humanoid figure is made of rune-etched metal and polished stone, with crystalline eyes that glow with blue light.
This looming humanoid shape has long, gangly limbs, glowing red eyes, and a gaping mouth full of fangs.
This lumbering apelike monster has blood-red fur, twisted horns, and a hideous fanged orifice set in the center of its chest.
This lumbering creature’s gray-green hide glistens with moisture, and saliva dribbles from its fishlike maw.
This lumbering figure is sculpted from soft clay. It wears filthy rags and crude jewelry, and its face is only vaguely humanoid.
This lumbering giant has a strange, vacant expression, as
 well as a large glowing rune carved into its flesh.
This lumbering giant has short stumpy legs and powerful, muscular arms. Its hair and beard seem to be made of fire.
This lumbering giant’s beady eyes are devoid of wit or kindness, and its puffy face features a wide mouth with ill-fitting teeth.
This lumbering hard-shelled crab stands as tall as a dwarf, its massive pincers waving menacingly.
This lumbering toadlike demon wields a blood-soaked halberd in its powerful hands—one of those hands is clad in a rusting jagged gauntlet, while on the beast’s misshapen head perches a leering helm made of greasy green metal.
This lumbering topiary has the rough shape of an elephant, complete with brambly limbs and tusks.
This lumbering turtle is the size of a house; its head features powerful, razor-sharp beak.
This lumbering, filthy, two-headed giant wears tattered remnants of leather armor and clutches a large flail in each fist.
This lurching mass of slime and gunpowder leaves a trail of shiny black residue in its wake, and shudders with concussive energy.
This lurching mass of spiked iron armor, rotting translucent flesh, and twisted black thorns resembles a dead giant with the head of an oversized boar.
This macabre beauty holds her ebon-feathered wings spread
behind her. Her skin and clothing are soaked and splattered with
blood, wine, and other fluids.
This maggotlike creature has a long tail covered with frightening hooked suckers.
This magnificent beast looks like a white horse, but with a goat’s beard and a single long ivory horn on its brow.
This magnificent bird of prey has dark feathers save for those on its head, which are pure white.
This magnificent creature seems to be a horse, but the sparkle in its eyes reveals its supernatural origins.
This magnificent dragon is covered in splendid gold scales, and horns jut from its head like a crown.
This magnificient horse has great bird-like wings upon its back and moves with a quiet and proud grace.
This majestic beast glides through the water with murderous intent. Its thick-toothed maw is wide enough for a human to stand in, and its body stretches back more than 20 feet.
This majestic beast has the body of a lion, the head and forelegs of a great eagle, and a massive pair of feathered wings.
This majestic beast stands the height of a man at its shoulders, a many-tipped rack of proud antlers crowning its head.
This majestic creature has the body of a lion, the wings of an eagle, and the face of a wise human man.
This majestic dragon seems to shimmer as if surrounded by thousands of eddies of astral thought.
This majestic tiger has white fur with deep blue stripes. It glows with divine radiance and radiates an aura of calm.
This majestic tree of strange, twisted bark has countless pale
fruits and an intensely pleasant scent.
This malignant cloud of shadows boils in the air, its skeletal maw eerily babbling as the creature’s claws manifest from the darkness.
This mammoth flea is size of a horse. Its legs dangle awkwardly from its great, swollen body armored entirely in disfigured plates.
This man-sized monstrosity resembles a great leathery bird of prey with bat wings and black-and-red skill. Red eyes burn above a serrated beak as it swoops forward, screaming out a hunting call.
This man-sized, bulky scorpion has thick, unyielding armor that makes it almost seem to be made of stone.
This man-sized, crab-like monstrosity clings tenaciously to the rough stone, its enormous pincers held out menacingly before it.
This mangy canine’s face has the same flat nose, beady eyes, and protruding teeth as a rat grown grotesquely large.
This mangy horselike beast walks perversely upright. Wings, a dragon’s tail, and a fanged mouth complete its vile appearance.
This mangy stray animal growls and whimpers miserably. Stinking blue drool drips from its fangs.
This many-legged crustacean is the size of a sewer rat, its body protected by several thick shell-like plates.
This masculine, golden-skinned angel stands taller than the greatest human champion. His halo is a spinning wheel of blades above his head, and with a gesture it flies to his left arm like a deadly spiked shield, while great wings of brilliant energy manifest from his back.
This masked humanoid being has wings and armor of rune-carved gray stone, and its eyes glow blue.
This mass of bones is shaped like a horse, with bizarre limbs.
This mass of detritus, sea foam, and seaweed undulates and quivers as it moves. The mass has a humanoid shape roughly the size of a child.
This mass of floating skulls lingers in the air with a haunting
presence. A constant clattering emanates from the dreadful mass.
This mass of iridescent blue-black insects emits a foul stench, and a faint chorus of thousands of clicking and clacking jaws can be heard from all sides.
This mass of plant matter has the general shape and build of an oversized dog. Lacking a head of any kind, its bulk is covered in jagged thorns protruding from its fungal surface.
This mass of shadow possesses a horrific demon face. Several writhing tentacles sprout from its grublike body.
This mass of shells is assembled into a shape that resembles a cross between a frog and a squid. Its “head” is a tangle of long limbs composed of razor-sharp edges, and its body seeps with foamy, toxic-looking slime.
This massive aquatic mammal has bluish-gray coloration, a wide fluke tail, and a wide mouth filled with layers of baleen.
This massive beast is a beautiful giantess from the waist up and a vicious hunting cat from the waist down. Somehow, the look of abject cruelty in her eyes is more unsettling than the feral claws of her lower half.
This massive beast possesses a mouth of rasping teeth and tentacles with biting mouths. In the center of its maw rests a glowing evil eye.
This massive beetle is the size of a small house. Its immense, horn-like mandibles clash with a hungry fervor.
This massive brown-and-green tarantula is the size of a large house and has huge, razor-sharp fangs.
This massive catlike creature has the lithe grace of a feline despite a shell-like armor of segmented plates.
This massive creature has the body of a resplendent bird but the head of a regal canine.
This massive creature has the head of a crocodile, the mane and torso of a lion, and the hindquarters of a hippopotamus. The wickedly curved claws on the creature’s forepaws pale in comparison to the danger of its mighty jaws.
This massive fiend has thick claws like a lion’s, the broad wings of an eagle, and the legs of a massive canine. Its face is that of a three-eyed wolf with the jaws of a saber-toothed tiger. While two of the thing’s eye sockets are merely empty holes that trickle blood, the middle eye glows a sickly yellow. A cloud of globular soul-stuff cloaks the creature’s hulking body, bits dripping loosely from its barbwire-covered arms.
This massive green cobra rears its head upward aggressively, its brightly colored, scaly hood flaring in an unmistakable warning.
This massive green ramlike creature’s pelt is actually a tangle of vines, and its horns are wickedly sharp wooden branches.
This massive horror looks like a shark protected by a crab carapace, with a tail, flanks, and pectoral fins covered in cruel hooks.
This massive humanoid figure has no mouth, and carries a burning sword that matches its flaming wings.
This massive hydra has black and green scales, and caustic purple venom drips from its numerous sets of fangs.
This massive insect lumbers ominously, waving scythe-like mandibles that reek of acid.
This massive lion’s fur and skin shimmer with a golden sheen.
This massive lizard has pale, spotted flesh and spines around its face that form a spiky frill.
This massive metallic biped stands on thick legs. A wide, serrated shovel serves as the brute’s head, and iron pincers at the ends of its powerful arms snap open and shut.
This massive mound of tentacles rises and falls, hinting at the breathing of a great slumbering beast below. Every so often, the tip of one of the glistening filaments twitches to life, spontaneously growing a razor-like feeler, horrible eye, or other alien appendage. The creature’s body is a looming clot of these appendages, a twitching knot of wriggling matter.
This massive quadruped has a thick, wrinkled hide, curving horns, and shaggy hair that frames its leonine face.
This massive raylike aquatic creature has five bulbous red eyes. Long tentacles protrude from the sides of its wide mouth, and its slimy skin undulates with sickening shudders.
This massive saurian creature sports a triangular head with a mouth full of curved teeth, stretching forth from a long, snaking neck. Long spines run down its neck, back, and whiplike tail.
This massive scarlet squid has dark blue stripes and wears various gold ornaments, its tentacles glistening with blue energy.
This massive scorpion erupts from the sand, its giant pincers snapping and its tail stinger swaying threateningly.
This massive serpentine and wingless creature has jade scales and antlers, and sounds like grinding stones as it stalks forth.
This massive spiked creature has smoking black pits for eyes, an enormous maw, and a tail that appears to be an armored cobra.
This massive warthog is outfitted with all manner of steel armor and unnatural augmentations, including a pair of razorsharp metal tusks.
This massive wormlike creature appears to be made of solid darkness that sucks surrounding light into its body to be forever extinguished.
This massive, eel-like dragon has two webbed talons. Its tail ends in large and powerful-looking flukes.
This massive, eyeless draconic creature is covered in purplehued scales and sharp, spiky protrusions.
This massive, four-armed figure is protected by thick layers of rocky armor. Its face is a shimmering, pulsating globe of holy light.
This massive, gray-brown slug leaves a viscous trail of slime in its wake as a long rasping tongue tastes the air for prey.
This massive, hunched monstrosity has a hide that appears to be a mix of reptilian scales of various colors.
This massive, mottled amphibian glistens with slime, and its tongue drips with saliva.
This massive, serpentine carp explodes forth from the water, its rainbow-colored scales gleaming in the sunlight and glossy eyes bright with good-natured intelligence.
This massive, shaggy beast uses long and muscular forearms to raise itself onto its hind legs and beats its chest like a gorilla. Despite its ape-like stance, its frame is far heavier and its features more primitive, its powerful muzzle and gnashing canines bespeaking terrible, bestial savagery.
This massive, squat crocodilian has forward facing eyes, jutting
teeth, and a pronounced snout.
This massive, three-headed clockwork snake is crafted of brass and strange, dark alloys.
This massive, translucent froglike creature has an incredibly wide, tooth-filled maw and six eyes.
This mermaid-like creature has the torso and head of a long-haired woman and the lower half of a sleek killer whale.
This metallic creature has pincer-tipped arms, a single red eye, and an array of deadly armaments.
This metallic sculpture of an idealized humanoid figure sparkles with divine luster.
This mighty golem made of polished iron resembles a keeneyed dwarf. It carries a warhammer and a large shield bearing Torag’s symbol.
This mighty horse has eight powerful legs. Its hooves leave shimmering hoofprints that quickly fade to mist.
This miniature plant person has a body composed of lichens and a rain cape woven from leafy growths.
This miniature young woman has white skin; long, braided hair festooned with ribbons; and large, slanted eyes of deep violet. She wears flowing, diaphanous clothing and carries a pair of delicate gardening shears.
This miniscule red jellyfish has long, writhing red tentacles and a translucent bell that glows with an eerie blue light.
This miniscule, green-skinned humanoid wields a needle-thin rapier. A pair of dragonfly wings holds the wee creature aloft.
This minuscule creature resembles a newt with three tails. It’s covered in a transparent slime, and looks hungry.
This minuscule dragon’s transparent wings and large eyes resemble
those of a praying mantis. Its form glows bright with an inner fire.
This minuscule, fleshy plant creature has mottled, green-andblack skin and tiny eyes that peer malevolently from beneath layers of dripping, fungal hair.
This misshapen but incredibly muscular humanoid has a single huge bloodshot eye set under a short, jagged horn on its brow.
This misshapen sphere of pale yellow-green fungus rolls with an unnerving speed, spewing clouds of foul spores as it advances.
This mob of undead is draped in soggy seaweed.
This monster has ten spidery legs, a head writhing with dripping tentacles above a clutch of red eyes, and three whipping stingers.
This monster resembles a gigantic, writhing grub, its translucent flesh rippling disgustingly. It has four elongated tentacles and a toothy maw.
This monstrosity has a six-eyed face and six long tentacles— four ending in glowing spheres and two in what look like hands.
This monstrous caterpillar’s dark-scarlet bristles drip with thick, dangerous-looking venom.
This monstrous crablike creature hovers in midair, its three clawed tentacles snapping aggressively.
This monstrous eel-like creature has jaws within jaws, each bearing transparent, glasslike teeth.
This monstrous serpent rises to a great height, unfurling an opalescent hood the size of a tower shield. Swaying from side to side, the creature drops open its elongated jaw to reveal an assortment of different-sized fangs. As it hisses, lightning slashes the storm-gray sky behind it.
This monstrous wild boar is infested with wriggling worms and accompanied by a buzzing cloud of flies.
This monstrous, snaked-haired creature has the upper body of a bronze-skinned woman and the lower body of an enormous serpent.
This monstrously sized, undead bat has mottled, decayed flesh and eyes that smolder with an unholy green glow.
This moon-pale stag stands 30 feet tall at the shoulder. Its antlers are living saplings, and green vines grow around its legs. Despite its incredible size, it moves with supernatural grace. Its huge eyes gleam with intelligence, and its entire bearing is that of a mighty and noble creature.
This moth-winged woman has a delicate appearance, though her features are somewhat masked by a haze of shimmering dust.
This multi-eyed eel’s brightly colored markings shift in complex, ever-changing patterns.
This muscular canine has a maw full of sharp teeth and an inky black coat that almost seems to drink in the light around it.
This muscular creature has a human body, but the head of a ravenous shark, complete with jet-black eyes and razorlike teeth.
This muscular creature has a man’s body but the snarling head and fur coat of a wolf.
This muscular fiend has two vertically mirrored faces, four arms, and a quartet of sinister punching daggers
This muscular giant has crimson skin, smoldering eyes, and small black horns. Smoke rises in curls from its flesh.
This muscular giant has two ferocious lion heads, each with a long, black, lashing tongue.
This muscular lizardfolk towers above others of its kind, a primeval behemoth painted with elaborate designs.
This muscular two-legged dragon is covered with scales of thick volcanic stone.
This muscular warrior is carefully sculpted from clay and has a large scarab beetle in place of its head.
This muscular, cougarlike cat has fearsome teeth and a thick tail ending in a spiked ball.
This muscular, fiery-skinned man has flaming hair and spotted horns upon his brow.
This muscular, frog-headed humanoid has tattered flesh hanging from its batlike wings and is covered in a viscous slime.
This muscular, violet demon walks upon elephantine feet. Large, razor-sharp horns cover its body.
This mushroom grows from a bed of tentacular roots. Deep violet tendrils slither out of the dozens of fissures in its pointed cap.
This mutated, eyeless, heavily scaled orc holds a crude club in one arm, but her other arm is withered and useless.
This nauseating carpet of wriggling white grubs undulates outward in a pallid wave of hunger.
This nauseating winged creature combines the features of a carrion bird, an ant, a bat, and a decomposing human in a most hideous manner.
This nauseating, tapered tower of flesh, eyes, and tendrils writhes midair, surrounded by a strange vortex of sucking wind.
This nearly skeletal figure wields a pistol in each hand. Its garb is dusty and weathered, and smells of old decay.
This nightmare shambles along the ground on eight muscular tentacles that leave behind a clear viscous residue stinking of putrefaction. Its amphibian skin is moist, green-black, and covered in warts and protuberances. On its back, dozens of fistsized pustules shift and pulsate with nauseating vitality, like sentient oily bubbles threatening to burst.
This nightmarish serpentine creature bears crackling wings of chaotic energy and bristling fins of insubstantial fire.
This nightmarishly huge, snake-like dragon possesses two equally fearsome heads. Its twin jaws seethe with acid and poison.
This noble creature seems to be part serpent, part humanoid, and part dragon, with great wings and a crown of horns.
This noble creature stands strong and tall with the body of a powerful bull and the head of a wise-looking human.
This obese humanoid has a wide mouth, batlike wings, and pale fluid seeping from rolls of black, greasy skin.
This obscene mass looks like a melted blob crossed with a spider, ceaselessly lashing out with its hairy, wriggling legs.
This octopus-like robot has eight tentacles that it uses to repair multiple machines at a time.
This odd creature is about the size of a dog, but it has the slender build of a cat, heavy whiskers, and dark stripes down its back. Its long tail flips about, smacking the ground as it scans the woods. It yips and bays in a complex pattern, offering warning to anything that may cross its path.
This old human man is bald, with long white eyebrows and an even longer white beard. He is dressed in an embroidered robe, wears wooden sandals, and carries a staff adorned with metal rings.
This oppressive construct rumbles forth on deadly rollers, crushing everything in its path.
This otherworldly dancer moves with incredible grace. A second pair of ghostly arms complement the motions of her physical arms.
This outsized scorpion has a translucent shell, allowing one to see through to the creature’s internal organs.
This oval body and enormous wings of this creature are made of roiling flame, and it has a vaguely humanoid face.
This oversized piranha bursts from the water, spreading broad fins as it takes to the air to sate its hunger.
This oversized rabbit has a single long, pearlescent horn protruding from its crown.
This oversized vermin bears demonic features and the
 unmistakable glint of intelligence in its eyes.
This oversized, eight-legged monstrosity stares ravenously from its three beady eyes, its gaping maw dripping with green venom.
This pale blue humanoid has bright white eyes and long, light hair adorned with a spiked, gem-encrusted coronet.
This pale blue humanoid has bulging white eyes, wild hair, four-fingered hands, and a large hooked club.
This pale creature has four suckered arms that end in pincers. A gnashing maw gapes in its head between two staring eyes.
This pale humanoid has fangs and burning red eyes.
This pale woman is as beautiful as she is menacing—her smile promises endless bliss, yet her weapons and fangs drip with blood.
This pale yellow humanoid has blank, bulging white eyes and gangly arms and legs. It clutches a pickaxe in its knobby hands.
This pale yellow spider’s legs protrude on either side, giving it a very distinctive stance. The thing is the size of a large dog.
This pale youth’s wispy beard does little to make him look older. He stares with misty white eyes, and there is something unnatural about the way he stands, blank-faced and emotionless. He moves like a puppet, a thing guided by unseen hands. He holds a scythe that should be too heavy for his spindly arms, but the weight doesn’t seem to bother him.
This pale, blond-haired humanoid possesses bright blue eyes, needlelike teeth, and the large, multicolored wings of a parrot.
This pale, emaciated goblin has a ravenous look on its face. Its thin limbs are unusually long and bend in an unsettling manner.
This pale, gray-skinned elf has a gangly frame and an overlarge jaw. Its lips are spattered with blood.
This pale, jellyfish-like creature floats gently in the air, two long eyestalks extending from either side of its puckered mouth.
This pale, pudgy humanoid is clad in a greasy traveling cloak and a wide-brimmed hat. A bloodstained burlap sack hangs over its shoulder.
This pale, spindly creature has a vaguely humanoid shape, but with arms unnaturally long for its torso. Strands of long white hair sprout from its bulbous head, and its eyes are pools of liquid darkness.
This pale, waifish woman, her hair waving in a nonexistent breeze, looks as if she might fade away into mist entirely at any minute.
This pallid beast clatters upon dozens of small legs. Writhing bristles twitch on its back, and its shadow seems strangely mobile.
This pallid ?gure lurches forward as if it weren’t entirely in control of its twitching limbs. Bugs and worms wriggle in its tangled hair, and its nails and teeth are cracked and ragged, and a low gurgle of pain and despair slops from between its dirt-caked lips.
This pallid humanoid creature is wrapped in wispy strips of skin, with bits of detritus and a sour stink clinging to it.
This pallid woman’s clothing is adorned with leather straps, wicked barbs, and surgical tools. Her eyes twinkle with madness.
This pallid, slimy, worm-like creature is the size of a human, its mouth a sickening tangle of tentacles and hooked jaws.
This pallid, waterlogged orc corpse stumbles on broken legs, its eyes frozen in shock and fear. Clear water continuously leaks from its wounds to pool on the ground.
This partially mechanical, partially organic spider moves with a skittering lurch. A single crystalline eye glares from its hideous face.
This patch of vines is ornamented with beautiful crimson and violet flowers, the petals of which seem to bear tiny faces.
This peasant woman sprouts a grotesquely long neck that coils about like a snake, with razor-sharp teeth filling her gaping maw.
This perfectly sculpted, finely detailed, life-sized clay figure has a look of fierce determination and a sword clenched in each hand.
This petrified skeleton is clad in rotting furs. Stone antlers grow
 from the crown of its skull, and its eyes are polished white orbs.
This phoenix-like humanoid is surrounded by a halo of radiant energy. Its spear is tipped with a carved crystal blade.
This pint-sized creature resembles a tiny blue elephant no larger than a house cat. Its feet, tail, and ears are clawed and spiked.
This piscine nightmare glares with five eyes. Four tentacles, two of them terminating in small claws, flank its fanged jaws.
This plant’s thick trunk is capped by a crown of wide leaves, whipping vines, mushrooms, and a ravenous purple maw.
This plate-clad woman has large bird wings augmented with overlapping pieces of metal. Her armor is adorned with skulls, and her open-faced helm reveals nothing of her features but a pair of intensely-glowing eyes.
This platinum-skinned, four-armed humanoid glows with the power of the sun. Two of his hands hold flaming scimitars, while the other two wield a mighty longbow. Wings that look like those of hawk, but sculpted from silver, extend from his back. A comfortable warmth exudes from his metallic skin, and eleven white doves circle him like a living halo.
This plump, gray, flightless bird waddles about on ungainly legs, fearlessly bobbing its prodigious beak.
This potbellied creature has the body of a man and the head of a crazed boar. Large tusks jut from his upper jaw.
This powerful canine watches its prey with piercing yellow eyes, darting its tongue across sharp white teeth.
This powerful feline predator moves with a deadly grace, its reddish-orange fur slashed with black stripes.
This powerful humanoid floats in the air on a nimbus of pearly light. He grips a golden starknife in one hand.
This powerful, white-furred canine watches its prey with piercing, pale blue eyes, darting its tongue across sharp, ivory teeth.
This powerfully built, hyena-like humanoid is larger than the average gnoll and has a cunning, cruel gaze.
This predator resembles a brawny jackal with a dark, red-andgray mottled coat covered in ash and dust.
This proud avian woman stands tall and alert despite her years. Claws, bones, and feathers clatter on her crown and staff.
This proud horse thunders across the grassy plain with fluid grace, wind tugging at its loose-fitting barding.
This purple-haired giant has dark bronze skin and piercing eyes; she wields an electrified trident and a coral-encrusted shield.
This purple, seven-armed octopoid monstrosity is the size of a horse, with hook-lined tentacles and cold, blue eyes.
This putrid-looking humanoid bears a disquieting resemblance to a half-starved, mange-ridden opossum.
This quadruped robot has glowing eyes and dexterous hands capable of examining and fixing machinery.
This rancid-smelling mound of animated ooze has about its shifting countenance the hideous shape of a half-melted man.
This ratlike creature has tiny human hands in place of its front paws, and an unnerving human face with a toothy mouth.
This ravenous beetle is the size of a pony, and sports a pair of deadly, serrated mandibles.
This ray-like creature opens a toothy maw and leers with glaring red eyes. Behind it whips a menacing tail of segmented bone.
This red-eyed griffon has black fur and a set of wicked ebon wings springing from its back. Its front half resembles that of a great raven, while its hindquarters resemble those of a lean panther.
This red-skinned, demonic humanoid has a forked tongue, and a pair of black horns sprout from its brow.
This red-winged angel is blindfolded and wrapped with bloody bandages. What shows of her flesh is scarred with celestial runes.
This reddish-brown canine has a square, athletic build. Its dripping saliva smells of sulfur.
This reddish-colored mastiff stands eye to eye with most dwarves. Within its powerful frame rumbles the distant sound of thunder.
This regal dragon glows like the sun. Its burnished wings shimmer the color of flames, and a crown of horns decorates its head.
This regal figure looks like a tall, well-proportioned human, save that its eyes sparkle with strange light.
This regal fox’s coat shifts subtly between silver, red, and dull brown as it walks.
This regal hydra has one larger head and four smaller ones, and projects an aura of authority and menace.
This regal woman exhibits the grace and pride of the forest’s most ancient trees.
This regal, apparently human figure has glowing purple eyes and
the grace and f luidity of water given form.
This regal, bird-winged lion has a human’s head, clad in the golden raiment of a powerful pharaoh.
This reptile lunges out of the placid water with shocking speed. Its jaw gapes open in a roar, its powerful tail lashing behind.
This reptilian behemoth, a crocodile of monstrous proportions, is large enough to swallow a horse in one tremendous bite.
This reptilian creature’s gaunt body, legs, and batlike face are covered in long spines. Two wings stretch out from its torso.
This reptilian humanoid has green scales, a short and toothy snout, and a thick alligator-like tail.
This reptilian monstrosity is larger than a bull elephant. With the lower body of a spine-backed quadrupedal dinosaur, complete with spiked tail, the demonic creature has the upper body of a muscular humanoid. Its powerful arms wield an immense ranseur while tremendous draconic wings unfurl from its back. The creature’s head—part dragon, part saurian, part demon—is a nightmare of horns and fangs and cruel, glowing eyes.
This repulsive, hunch-backed crone has deathly white skin marked with patches of brown and yellow, like a fresh bruise. Despite her hunch, she looms much taller than a human.
This repulsive, hunchbacked crone has skin the color of a fresh bruise. Despite her hunch, she looms taller than a human.
This revolting withered corpse of a woman is dressed in revealing clothes, its bare skin wet with fresh blood.
This rhinoceros has a low-slung head with twisted ears that lie back along its neck.
This robed figure appears human except for snakelike eyes, a pair of devilish horns, and the occasional dart of a forked tongue.
This robot has the general appearance of a skeletal preying mantis fashioned entirely from gleaming metal. An array of limbs fitted with laser scalpels, syringes, and other surgical devices spring from its body.
This rocky monster glows with an internal heat. Red light spills from its eyes and mouth, as well as fractures in its outer surface.
This roiling horror appears to be a swirling vortex of darkness and screaming, ghostly faces.
This rosy-haired woman is completely nude except for the mass
 of vines and leaves that cover her lower body. The plant matter
 silently weaves about her frame seemingly of its own volition,
 and consists of flourishing vines bursting with blooming flowers
 as well as wilted leaves covered with a silvery sheen of hoarfrost.
This rotund parrot has vibrant green-and-black feathers, a short hooked beak, and an array of white whiskers.
This round, dust-colored creature’s snout pokes out of its bony armor shell.
This rugose figure rears up to a man’s height, its large hands bearing far too many twitching fingers.
This sagely stone giant wears loose furs and a long cloak, and wields a large stone club covered with crystals.
This sallow-green beast appears to be an oversized tadpole that never fully matured, with two large, bulbous eyes bulging from either side of its head, and a gaping mouth revealing jagged fangs.
This sandy-colored canine resembles a slender-bodied wolf with short, graceful legs. It watches with dark brown eyes.
This saurian giant’s body is covered in pale aquamarine scales, and a dark, rigid crest runs from its head to the tip of its thick tail. Its blue eyes give off a soft glow.
This savage creature looks like a bestial version of a savage human, with green-gray skin and greasy black hair.
This scaly blue-green snake skims the surface of the water in a sinuous ballet of muscle and agility.
This scaly humanoid has a long, fish-like tail. Its arms and legs end in webbed claws, and its piscine head features a toothy maw.
This scaly-skinned humanoid has long venomous fangs, claws, and unblinking reptilian eyes.
This scaly, finned humanoid has an athletic build and blue-green coloration. Its legs end in wide flippers rather than feet.
This scaly, pale-furred monstrosity has bulging muscles, a short muzzle, and two small horns that erupt over its sloping brow.
This scuttling patchwork plant features flowers of many different shapes and colors.
This scuttling thing looks at first glance like a colorful, animate blob of slime, but its thin insectoid legs and eyestalks suggest it is a more advanced creature. Its antennae-like appendages wave about curiously, and its multiple legs carry forth its transparent, hand-sized body at a surprisingly swift scuttle.
This sea creature resembles a cross between fish and horse; it has small fins on its flanks and a gracefully curled tail.
This seething devil deftly wields a vicious, saw-toothed glaive, while below its toothy maw writhes a hideous, twitching beard.
This seething mass of bubbling molten rock churns and moves of its own hungry accord.
This segmented creature has a chitinous body covered in patches of glowing, purple fungus. Syrupy venom drips from its mandibles.
This semi-canine humanoid has rancid green flesh and hoof like feet, yet its eyes sparkle with the gleam of intelligence.
This semi-transparent mass of convulsively roiling tentacles and whiplike tendrils hovers in the air, giving off an aura of dark, alien menace.
This serene dragon’s feathered form emits a comforting warmth.
This serene-looking slender young man has pale blue skin and solid black eyes, and is dressed in simple robes.
This serene, acrobatic man has stiff sideburns, a beard like a monkey, and three golden-furred tails.
This serpent-bodied, six-armed woman is painfully thin, haggard, and gaunt. Bloody sores dot her flesh, and the skulladorned flails she wields drip black liquid.
This serpentine beast has transparent, scaly skin that reveals the creature’s murky red-and-brown organs through its flesh.
This serpentine creature has finlike wings, ram horns, four eyes, and arms that end in masses of tentacles.
This serpentine creature has the head of a ferocious dragon and two relatively small forearms that end in tiny claws.
This serpentine creature has the lower body of a snake, a humanoid torso, and a bird-like head and claws.
This serpentine dragon has skin the color of deep volcanic rock, enormous claws, and jagged, stonelike horns and scales.
This serpentine fish has a horrific circular mouth filled with hooklike teeth.
This serpentine humanoid has bright scaly skin, a long sinuous tail, and a fanged serpent’s head.
This serpentine mix of flying fish and great seabird rolls and twists like waves in an ocean storm.
This shabby-cloaked figure is surrounded by hundreds of bees.
This shadowy figure sways and moves with an erratic grace, as if lit by an unseen fire.
This shaggy, hoofed quadruped sports an elongated neck and large, crooked teeth.
This shaggy, multi-legged creature has a flattened face with wide nostrils and four eyes. Ivory tusks jut downward from its mouth.
This shambling corpse is twisted and mutilated. Fingers of sharpened bone reach out with malevolent intent.
This shambling fungus creature bears a strong resemblance to a rotund human, but with a mushroom cap for a head.
This shambling humanoid’s taut gray skin shows signs of arcane symbols now faded with age and decay. Long, darkwood spikes riddle its body; every inch of flesh is staked and violated. A palpable aura of entropy and despair hangs over the sorry, perforated creature.
This shifting mass of green seaweed transforms from the shape of a humanoid back to a patch of algae, continually changing.
This shimmering being looks like a miniature human with broad, iridescent wings and hair that slowly ripples through the air.
This short fiend has mottled pink skin, clawed fingers, and green eyes. It drags a tattered scroll behind its feminine frame.
This short, genie-like creature floats in midair, barely a foot tall but possessing no legs with which to determine its true height. Wisps of elemental light trail from its eyes, and it bows, ready to serve.
This short, iron-skinned horse is surrounded by a flickering light. A preternatural intelligence glitters in its metallic golden eyes.
This short, reptilian humanoid has scaled skin, a snout filled with tiny teeth, and a long tail.
This short, spindly creature has warty, brown-red skin and large black eyes. Its long, muscular tongue drags on the ground beneath it.
This short, stunted humanoid is bald and has weirdly twisted limbs, its body seeming to fade and come apart at the edges.
This shuddering blot of living tar is surrounded by a mass of writhing tendrils, and its maw opens into a dark gullet.
This silent batlike humanoid has a long, ratlike tail and four narrow eyes.
This silent dragon seems to gather shadows and gloom around its tattered-appearing wings.
This silver-armored knight moves with precision and poise. Gaps in its armor reveal nothing but glowing golden light within.
This sinewy humanoid with putrid green skin and a grotesque, shrew-like snout wears little more than a colorful silk sarong and a thin, flexible blade worn as a belt.
This sinister tree looms above a field strewn with bones. Numerous leafy vines, their tips looped into nooses, hang from its branches.
This six-armed creature appears to be made of stone. Its lower torso is a collection of whirring rings of metal.
This six-armed woman has three fanged faces on her head. She wears colorful robes, and her hands wield several exotic weapons.
This six-eyed horror looks something like a dead tree with claws, tentacles, spidery legs, and a mouth bulging with tentacles.
This six-foot-long, snake-like fish moves slowly. A strange popping and snapping sound occasionally emits from the creature’s body.
This six-legged dragon flaps its massive wings as it lowers its head to glare with hideous glowing eyes.
This six-legged horror has a spider’s face and a fibrous stalk growing out of its back—a stalk ending in a snapping mouth.
This six-limbed beast stalks forward with a fluid grace. Barbed quills run along its back, and its eyes glow with a blue light.
This sixteen-foot-long eel slithers through the water with uncanny grace, mouth open to display large teeth and a second set of jaws.
This sizable insect has a slender body and two pairs of long, elegant, iridescent wings.
This skeletal creature wears rotting robes, and carries a sword in its talon-like hands. An evil blue light dances in its empty eye sockets.
This skeletal creature with a long, thin neck seems to float above the ground. Its jaw is elongated, showing sharp, worn teeth.
This skeletal horror staggers under the weight of the massive hook and chain impaling the bones of its midsection.
This skeletally thin woman has a mothlike face. It flies upon
 four dragonfly wings and wears a mantle of shadows.
This skinless creature resembles a horse and its humanoid rider, fused into a single hideous being of rage and sickness.
This skittish amalgam of beast parts has luminous eyes, a rat’s tail, simian appendages, and tendrils extending from a mole-like nose
This skull is as large as an ogre and surrounded by buzzing flies. Its bat wings are too small to actually carry it, yet it moves through the air as easily as a bird. It is surrounded by the stink of rotting meat, spice, and perfume.
This skull is as large as an ogre and surrounded by buzzing flies. Its bat wings carry it through the air as easily as those of a vulture.
This sleek and graceful doe possesses long, metallic antlers and a shiny, golden pelt.
This sleek aquatic mammal has a pair of flippers, a powerful tail, and a muzzle full of small, sharp teeth.
This sleek black whale has a distinctive white patch near each eye and a mouth filled with sharp teeth.
This sleek canine has a coarse, tawny coat, pointed ears, and pale eyes. A faint blue nimbus seems to dance upon its fur.
This sleek dragon has scales mottled in desert colors, lacks forelimbs, and sports massive wings on its lissome back.
This sleek dragon is covered in dull metallic scales that range in color from shining bronze to mottled blue.
This sleek equine is slightly smaller than an average horse, but its eyes contain a gleam of higher intelligence.
This sleek mammal has a short snout and black, white, and gray markings along its body, with a rounded black dorsal fin.
This sleek mammal has a short snout and black, white, and gray markings along its body.
This sleek, aquatic creature has short gray fur, webbed hands ending in sharp claws, and a mouth full of pointed teeth.
This sleek, dark dragon moves with a disturbing, serpentine grace, its eyes glowing as if lit from within by crimson embers.
This sleek, furred creature has flaps of skin stretching between its limbs and its body.
This sleek, gold-scaled draconic creature looks both regal and intelligent. A leather harness holds a saddle between its wings.
This sleek, gray predator weaves back and forth through the water with savage grace.
This sleek, long-legged, antelope-like figure has majestic pronged horns and ruffs of white fur on its chest and neck.
This sleek, three-headed dragon rears up on its hind legs, wings spread and flames licking out from behind three sets of fangs.
This sleek, weasel-like rodent has exaggerated whiskers and six short but stout legs.
This sleek, white-furred hound stands three feet tall at the shoulder. It paws resemble hands and its face seems preternaturally wise.
This slender giant dresses in simple clothes and has swirling patterns on her green skin.
This slender humanoid is clad in a severe black leather harness and long skirt decorated with curling twists of wire. Her eyes are colorless orbs, and tears of blood course down her cheeks. Slender surgical lancets pierce her body in numerous locations, yet these wounds do not bleed.
This slender red squid darts through the water with alacrity. Two large eyes stare from above the creature’s tentacles.
This slender woman possesses a strange, calculated grace. Her pale flesh is adorned with complex blue tattoos.
This slender woman’s skin is unnaturally pale, her hair is dark, and each of her eyes is a different color.
This slender, attractive woman has strangely glowing eyes and a full head of hissing snakes for hair.
This slender, seductive woman has bone-white skin and an
 otherworldly beauty.
This slim, glowing figure is draped with voluminous gossamer shawls and veils that obscure its shape.
This slimy-skinned, three-headed sea beast has writhing tentacles and is surrounded by a black, poisonous cloud that flickers like fire.
This slimy, shifting mass has the shape of a humanoid, but is made out of what appears to be some form of sticky rope or cloth.
This slinky black feline has a single white spot on its chest. Its mannerisms and movements are eerily human.
This slippery, writhing mass of tentacles and stalked mouths has one huge hideous eye and a fanged maw for a belly.
This slithering mass of bubbling red ooze extrudes a nest of long,
thin tendrils, as if tasting the air in search of prey.
This slithering, multilegged blue reptile has a fearsome head crowned with two large, curling horns.
This sluglike humanoid has neither arms nor legs and is covered in spiked, rusted chains. Its lolling tongue drips with thick saliva.
This small bird has a mix of brown and white feathers and makes a loud croaking sound.
This small blue beetle stands upright on its hindmost legs and wears a bandolier full of tools and pouches.
This small construct resembles a house cat. It bears elaborate markings, and the core in its head glows with a warm light.
This small creature has the body of a housecat, the wings of a falcon, and the head of a monkey.
This small creature has the forequarters and hind legs of a hare, and the wings and tail of a wood grouse.
This small creature looks like a lumpy head with crab legs and a giant mouth filled with stone teeth.
This small creature looks like a well-dressed and jewelry-bedecked fiendish gnome, its face mostly mouth and fangs.
This small cylindrical creature has two eyestalks extending straight off to each side.
This small dog has a rough coat and a hungry look in its dark brown eyes.
This small draconic creature seems better suited for the waves than wind, its wings sweeping along its body like massive fins. Light from the water refracts off its resilient-looking cerulean hide as it snaps crustacean-like claws.
This small dragon, which appears to be composed of coils of rope,
bristles with frayed filaments.
This small frog is bright green and red, with electric-blue stripes on its hind legs.
This small goat has sharp horns that wrap around its head to point forward, making it resemble a tiny bull.
This small humanoid creature has thin, leathery wings, small horns, and a mischievous smile.
This small humanoid figure grinds and clatters as it moves, its body carved from bones decorated with fine scrimshaw.
This small humanoid has pointed ears, green eyes, and a wicked grin. He carries a bottle in one hand and a club in the other.
This small humanoid is clothed in tattered rags from head to foot. Only its sinister eyes and pale hands are visible.
This small plant is shaped vaguely like a human with a rose blossom for a head and soft, petallike wings fluttering from its shoulders.
This small reptile has a snake-like neck and head, a bird-like body with strong legs for running, and a whip-like tail.
This small robot is reminiscent of a beetle with a pair of pincers extending from the front of its body.
This small whale lacks a dorsal fin and has pale, mottled skin, but its most notable feature is the single tusk protruding from its nose, easily as long as a human.
This small-eyed rodent has a rounded body with numerous quills running all over its back.
This small, awkward reptile with a fist-sized gem jutting from between its two bulging eyes seems both surprised and perplexed.
This small, bizarre humanoid creature has finlike wings, strange yellow skin, and tiny black eyes burning with malevolence.
This small, blue-gray humanoid has glowing eyes and huge ears
on its round, oversized head.
This small, centaurlike ant creature bears a huge, bulging sack on its armored back.
This small, furry creature has enormous glossy eyes, long legs, and elongated fingers.
This small, furry creature has long ears and oversized feet.
This small, gaunt humanoid has flesh tight around its oversized skull. Sharp spurs of bone protrude from its hands and arms.
This small, green ooze shifts form constantly, often taking on a two-legged, vaguely humanoid appearance.
This small, lizardlike creature has a humanoid upper body and a long tail with frilled extensions.
This small, naked creature looks like a lithe halfling, but with long, tapered ears and tough, brown skin. His hair is unkempt and his flesh is weathered, but his large eyes glitter violet.
This small, plantlike creature is a bulging mass of viselike muscle with sunken eyes that constantly drip viscous, black tears.
This small, plump rodent has a calico mix of color and a short tail.
This small, ratlike humanoid has a twitching, whiskered snout, pointed ears, and a long, leathery tail.
This small, sand-colored rodent has long hind legs and large ears. Its tufted tail is longer than the animal itself.
This small, sleek dinosaur has vicious, snapping jaws and feet that end in large talons for gutting prey.
This small, slender-necked dinosaur’s bright, inquisitive eyes seem to miss nothing.
This small, three-eyed creature has ragged, red-streaked wings and
a menacingly barbed tail.
This smoldering mass of metal-encrusted goo sports half a dozen pseudopods, each tipped with a burning-hot sword blade.
This smooth-featured, humanoid creature appears to have skin made entirely of mirrored glass.
This smooth-skinned, hairless humanoid has penetrating eyes and skin that shifts and changes to mimic his surroundings.
This snake-bodied creature has five necks, each with a regal, humanoid face in a cobralike hood.
This snake-bodied dragon has a sinuous tail with a spiked tip. Flared wings attach to its forelimbs, and it lacks rear legs.
This snake-bodied fiend has a six-armed woman’s torso, pointed ears, and glittering, otherworldly eyes.
This snake-bodied humanoid hisses with anger. Spines of crackling flame dance along the creature’s blackened, fiery-red scales.
This snarling creature has a woman’s body, but the head and claws of a savage wolf.
This snarling, canine beast pads forward on all fours, its slender front limbs looking more like hands than a wolf’s paws.
This somberly dressed but feral-looking gaunt man has yellowed, ratlike fangs and ragged, clawed fingers.
This somberly dressed humanoid wears an ominous mask. Gravestones float near it like heavy shields.
This somewhat irritated-looking, one-humped camel has been outfitted with a bridle and saddle.
This spectral creature looks like a scarred and shriveled ruin of an ancient tribal elder, with skin caked with dirt and moss, and long white hair tangled with sticks. Sharp teeth fill its cackling mouth, and its eyes are tiny but bright and piercing. Jungle vines weave through its ghostly body, which appears stuffed with decaying leaves and other plant matter.
This spectral human is draped in multicolored vestments that trail off into mist, and has open black pits for eyes and an expression of sorrow and horror.
This spectral woman holds a silver urn and floats in midair with an unearthly grace and demanding presence.
This spectral, horrifying figure glides silently through the air, passing through solid objects as if they didn’t exist.
This spider-like creature seems to be made entirely of weapons and splintered planks, with thick and curved blades held together by strange reddish sparks at their tips and pommels. Sleek and lethal, its eight legs each composed of three deadly “joints,” it never stays completely still, swaying with a deadly grace that hints at great power and speed.
This spider-like creature’s front legs end in immense, grasping claws. Its mouth sports a pair of huge vertical mandibles.
This spiderlike monstrosity watches quietly, skittering about on six needle-sharp legs.
This spindly insect, borne aloft on four delicate wings, snaps its mandibles in obvious hunger.
This spindly-limbed horror has pale eyes, bony fingers that end in dirty claws, papery skin, and long, sharp fangs protruding from a breathless mouth.
This spindly, hunched crone’s skin is a sickly gray color, as is her stringy hair, which is peppered with globs of what appear to be ashes.
This spindly, skeletal humanoid has moldy green flesh, long talons for hands, and a head that seems to be mostly mouth.
This spiny, long-legged crab towers over its surroundings. Its quick and powerful claws thrash wildly, eager for prey.
This spotted fish has pronounced eyes, a wide mouth, and tiny, brightly colored spikes protruding from its body.
This sprite-like creature resembles a humanoid the size of a cat, with amber skin, surrounded by an aura of tiny bubbles.
This squat beast is as wide as it is tall. Strangely symmetrical, it has three arms, three legs, three eyes, and one huge mouth.
This squat but nevertheless large beetle moves with a swift scuttling motion. Its mandibles appear to be remarkably sharp.
This squat equine plods forward with large, curious eyes. As it nears, it extends its muzzle, clearly expecting a treat.
This squat figure seems to be a clockwork approximation of a dwarf, crafted from dark bronze or a strange steel alloy. Its eyes glow with a piercing white light.
This squat figure’s rough-hewn visage is frozen in a mask of pain, while the cracks in its dark stone body glow with a fiery inner heat.
This squat humanoid seems to be nearly all head—an unfortunate circumstance, considering how ugly its puffy blue face is.
This squat, black-and-white bird has a bright red-and-black beak.
This squat, clawed humanoid is hunched and pink-skinned, with an oversized head. Its face is that of a fanged and insane human baby, and its mouth opens far wider than it should.
This squat, grunting creature stinks of musk and earth. Leathery plates and black horns protect its woolly underside.
This squat, reptilian monster has eight legs, bony spurs jutting from its back, and eyes that glow with pale green fire.
This stag-headed humanoid has large, sweeping antlers and wields a finely-crafted longbow.
This stark white ram’s curved horns appear to have sharp thorns studding every inch of their surface.
This stern-looking humanoid wears a suit of armor decorated with sharp lines. He wields a hammer-headed polearm with a wicked spike on its reverse side.
This stocky giant has a flaming mane and facial hair, his massive armor and fiery glaive indicating his prowess as a warrior.
This stocky, muscular mammal is the size of a badger, its snarling lips revealing a mouth full of yellow teeth.
This stony guardian has been sculpted in the shape of a grim, horned angel, and a crucified corpse has been affixed to its chest.
This stooped giant has the tusks and posture of a cave giant, but its elongated head and gray, stony skin betray its stone giant heritage.
This stork-headed, winged humanoid is spattered with blood and wields a pair of gory, razor-sharp daggers in his dripping hands.
This stout flightless bird stands upon two long, taloned legs, but it is its axe-shaped beak that looks the most ferocious.
This stout, serpentine creature’s body ripples with muscle. Jagged fangs line its broad, powerful jaws.
This strange beast resembles a wasp the size of a horse, but with the head of a spider and two long appendages ending in pincers.
This strange being has a star-shaped head and numerous writhing appendages arranged radially around its barrel-shaped body.
This strange black bird wears a leather long-nosed mask like a plague doctor.
This strange construct is shaped like a masked humanoid made of wood and porcelain.
This strange creature appears as a floating swarm of gemstones surrounding a larger stone that pulses with dim light.
This strange creature appears to be a gigantic human head carved from stone, with thick tentacles sprouting from its scalp.
This strange creature can only be described as a light pink, hairless monkey with the head of a fish and large, finlike wings.
This strange doll is clad in traditional Irriseni peasant clothing, and its eyes glisten with a disturbing curiosity.
This strange eight-legged creature looks vaguely like an insectile bear as it swims through the water.
This strange entity is formed from interwoven, translucent threads of an unusual multicolored material.
This strange flying creature is the size of a house cat and has tender pink skin and the stubbed features of a pig. Its porcine face is eyeless and its nose never stops sniffing at the air.
This strange ghostly creature seems to writhe in the throes of some uncontrollable emotion.
This strange humanoid looks like a gangly, distorted caricature of an ettercap, with spiderlike fingers and an enormous wicked grin.
This strange nautilus drags itself forward on oversized tentacles, its crimson-streaked flesh textured like the surface a brain.
This strange oysterlike mollusk has a long, thin tongue, tipped with a blade, that slides from between the shell halves.
This strange plant consists of four spidery stalks, long green tendrils, and an inverted bell-shaped cap filled with spores.
This strange windowless cabin, with a steep thatched roof and a single door painted red, stands on an enormous pair of knobby legs.
This strange-looking creature has a spherical body covered with hundreds or thousands of two-foot-long bright purple spines that darken to ominous black tips.
This strange—almost beautiful—purple ooze thrums with powerful energy and glows with an eerie light.
This strange, beautiful woman has flesh that seems made of wood and vibrant hair that resembles leaves and blossoms.
This strange, four-armed fiend appears to be constructed completely out of stone. Dried blood stains its body.
This strange, four-armed humanoid is sleek and muscled, with two spiked blades raised to strike.
This strange, vibrant plant slowly but dangerously whips about its trio of tendrils with spiked heads.
This strangely beautiful old woman is composed completely of blossoms, bark, and antlerlike branches.
This strangely unnerving entity looks like a thin, graceful human, save for its insectile features and shimmering gossamer wings.
This streamlined reptile has a long, serpentine neck, at the end of which glares a many-fanged head.
This streamlined, fish-like mammal has sparkling eyes over a smiling mouth filled with hundreds of teeth.
This striking, blue-eyed man with luminous skin and flowing white hair holds an ethereal harp.
This stringy-haired hag stands as tall as an ogre. Her expression is vacant, as though her warty face were merely a mask.
This stunningly beautiful and athletic woman has skin of various shades of gray. She wears a pearlescent breastplate and wields a shimmering longspear.
This suit of armor moves with a warrior’s deadly skill despite obviously being empty.
This supernaturally beautiful woman looks human, yet emanates a strange sense of calm and benevolence.
This swarm of silver-scaled fish thrashes feverishly, the dozens of swiftly moving creatures within seeming restless and bloodthirsty.
This swift brown insect scampers up walls, its antennae flailing.
This swollen cephalopod has ten writhing tentacles and a hideously monstrous face with pale, milky eyes on its bulbous body.
This tall creature appears to be made of wrinkled stone and coral, bits of plant life clinging to its creased body and clawlike hands.
This tall creature has rough, green hide. Its hands end in claws, and its bestial face has a hideous, tusked underbite.
This tall giant has no head; instead, its one-eyed face rests in the center of its broad chest.
This tall humanoid’s pale brow and black, soulless eyes are all that can be seen above a black scarf wrapped around its face.
This tall, cloaked figure stares out from the black hood that covers its head. It wields an enormous scythe in its skeletal, bone-white hands, looking as though it is freezing the very air around it.
This tall, feminine figure has golden tanned skin and well-formed curves, suggesting years of activity and work toward physical perfection. Beneath her diaphanous robes, the creature’s legs cross over one another, while six arms—two facing toward her back— wave in a continuous dance. Three fanged heads sit atop a sturdy neck, studying every direction.
This tall, gangly giant has a thick hide of mottled blue; protruding yellowed canines; narrow slits for eyes; and large, powerful hands that end in wicked claws.
This tall, graceful person has elven features, the horns of a majestic stag and a piercing, ageless stare.
This tall, gray-skinned woman’s eyes flicker with determination. Her somber attire is decorated with small bones.
This tall, human-like creature has long, feathery wings and a gentle inner radiance that makes it difficult to look directly at.
This tall, regal woman is clad in a long cloak of pristine white swan feathers and silvery armor with a winged helm.
This tall, three-legged fiend possesses an avian body and head, save for its gangly arms, which end in thin, clawlike fingers. Its scrawny neck is adorned with three thick iron rings, and a grotesquely long, barbed tongue resembling an octopus’s tentacle winds out of its oversized beak. Burst blood vessels fill the creature’s wide eyes, and reddish speckled blotches cover its cyanotic flesh.
This tan-colored creature looks like a ten-legged spider. Oversized jaws grind together slowly beneath beady eyes.
This tangle of dry-looking vegetation has grown into a spherical ball of thorny twigs and roots.
This tangle of purple-capped mushrooms growing out of a nasty green sludge shudders and writhes, wafting tendrils of smoke.
This tangle of rotten, seemingly lifeless roots twitches slightly,
moving the damp, bloody ground beneath it.
This tangle of scaly avian limbs furiously beats its double pair of vulture-like wings, keeping its fiendish, horned skull-head aloft. As fetid breath rises from its repulsive, fly-covered visage, clawed arms work together to slash the air with a vicious-looking spear.
This tangled mass of thick reeds sways in the breeze. Hidden under the surface of the water, a wicked maw of barbs and thorns waits in ambush.
This ten-foot-diameter floating globe of shuddering violet sludge has a tangle of dripping tendrils and is encircled by strange arcane energies.
This terrible wolverine is as large as a bear, its jaws and claws oversized and brutal, its eyes dark and filled with rage.
This terrifying monstrosity towers taller than the mightiest jungle trees, its forelimbs raised in a meditative, deadly stance.
This thick mass of vegetation has several sturdy tendrils studded with long thorns and rippling with strength.
This thick ribbon of fungus somewhat resembles a caterpillar. Its
folds pulse with an eerie, golden incandescence.
This thick-bodied dinosaur has a whip-like tail and a long neck, its head topped by the crest of a backward-curving horn.
This thick-bodied, white-furred bugbear wears bearskins and carries an axe made of ice and bone.
This thin, colorful fish has a broad, segmented sucker above its narrow mouth. A line of spines runs down its back.
This thing is a horrid mass of barbed tentacles, glaring eyes, and gnashing teeth, twisting upon itself and reshaping into new forms.
This thing looks like a skeletal human torso coated in liquid shadow, obscuring its bones but clearly revealing its shape.
This thing resembles a gray, emaciated child, with cobwebs and dust for clothes and a fox skull for a head.
This three-foot-tall, thickset bird has black and white coloration, a long beak, and black flippers that lie flat against its sides instead of wings.
This three-legged freak is mostly mouth. Three tentacles, two tipped with barbs and one with eyes, extend from its sides.
This tiny black dragonlike creature has charcoal-colored scales and shadowy wings.
This tiny creature, covered in a thick coat of fluffy fur, glides through the air, riding invisible currents on its fanlike tail.
This tiny metallic creature is shaped like a raven, gears and belts whirring beneath its shining, articulated plates.
This tiny monstrosity has the body of a well-muscled man, a crown of frilled horns, and eyes that glow like rubies.
This tiny sprite has the head of a humanoid and the body of a brilliantly colored parrot.
This tiny steel creature has one oversized eye, a spherical body, and several spiderlike legs of grinding metal.
This tiny woman has a lithe form with delicate butterfly wings. She is surrounded by sparkling lights and gentle rainbow arcs.
This tiny, crudely carved statue of a robed man has glowing runes running across its surface.
This tiny, grisly fetish seems to be carved from numerous pieces of bone, adorned with a necklace of teeth and caked with a thin layer of dried blood. Hair and twine bind the pieces of bone together. The thing’s misshapen head leers forward, carved with a demonic, ape-like grin.
This tiny, iridescent serpent slithers through empty space, the air around it distorting as if from heat.
This tiny, skittering creature looks like an insect made of fish
bones, with a head full of glowing red eyes.
This tiny, unassuming tree is shaped like a miniature person, with branches for arms and roots for feet.
This tiny, vaguely humanoid creature seems to be made completely of bundles of sticks wound with thorny vines.
This tiny, whimsical-looking humanoid darts about swiftly on wildly colored gossamer wings.
This titanic ape has great patches of coarse gray and brown fur, and its skin is thick and leathery.
This titanic bull has skin like brass and a mane of flames. It towers over the treetops, stopping periodically to eat from the foliage above. Mighty twisted horns thrust forward from above its massive head. Its hooves are cloven and a powerful tail thrashes about behind it.
This titanic earthen creature is humanoid-shaped with a hunched, pugnacious posture. The enormous hump of its back bears a ring of standing stones that crackle faintly with energy.
This titanic humanoid wears gilt-edged armor of ancient make and carries an immense hammer made of gleaming metal.
This titanic mass of flesh is covered in razor-sharp scales and has bony wings, four taloned arms, and a toothy, toad-like head.
This titanic saurian has a crocodilian snout, powerful front claws, and a colorful sail-like ridge that runs down its back.
This titanic worm heaves its endless bulk into the air, raising one end as if ready to strike with a massive set of hooked jaws.
This titanic, armored figure wields an immense axe. Its hands end in claws, and its voice thunders with ruinous power.
This toad-faced humanoid is bloated and swollen, with folds of obsidian skin hanging down beneath two immense bat wings.
This tortoise is half the height of a human, and has a domed shell, leathery skin, and a long neck.
This towering armored herbivore resembles a hornless rhinoceros, but with longer legs and a longer neck.
This towering brass statue, built to resemble an evil horned humanoid, carries a gigantic curved sword in its metal fists.
This towering collection of sun-bleached bones is assembled in a humanoid form.
This towering creature appears to be made entirely of sand, with pockets of soft earth and rock reinforcing its tall, humanoid form.
This towering figure’s head is completely encased in a shiny black metal helmet that resembles the head of a long-snouted canine. Ruby gems sparkle in its eye sockets.
This towering four-armed demon carries an evil-looking scepter in one of its two human hands—the other arms end in pincers.
This towering giant has finely chiseled features. Her skin is pale and smooth, and her long wispy hair flutters as if in a breeze.
This towering giant with twisted legs has human skulls woven into his beard and holds an immense warhammer.
This towering humanoid creature has shining topaz eyes, metallic skin, and three pairs of white wings.
This towering humanoid figure appears to be sculpted from clay. Fine cracks thread through the creature’s body, leaking a steady stream of putrescent slime.
This towering humanoid figure seems to be made of solidified shadows. Two pale orbs glare from its otherwise blank visage.
This towering impossibility, neither quite octopus nor dragon nor giant but something far worse, must surely herald the end of times.
This towering insect walks on its back four legs. Its head is triangular and its front legs sport razor-sharp edges and claws.
This towering mechanical humanoid stares down from a soulless violet eye. Its metallic fists crackle with electricity.
This towering menace has a horrible, vertically aligned mouth and arms that split at the elbows into twin clawed hands.
This towering metal construct crackles with eldritch energy and wields an immense sword in its hands.
This towering monstrosity is clad in cracked boulders, jagged shards of rock, spars of crooked metal, and shredded steel. Four immense arms end in rocky fists, and bony wings protrude from its back.
This towering muscular giant’s skin is nearly black in color, as if made from pitted iron and then etched with countless complex runes. As the creature moves, the runes flash and ripple, glowing from the strange internal fires that burn within it. The giant wears ornate armor with a grimacing full helm, and wields an immense sword that looks big enough to bisect a house.
This towering plant is a mass of vines and barbs. Several stalks are horribly mobile, each ending in a set of green, toothy jaws.
This towering reptilian humanoid seems to be made of obsidian scales over a molten magma core.
This towering saurian lumbers on its hind legs, its twin tails thrashing and the spines on its back glowing with red energy.
This towering scorpion’s carapace is as black as coal, and its claws are each as long as a man’s body.
This towering spider has multifaceted, shining eyes, eight legs that are each tipped with silver, and massive mandibles.
This towering spider is the size of an elephant. Its legs have spiky joints and its face looks vaguely, but disturbingly, humanoid.
This towering stone automaton bears the likeness of an archaic, armored warrior. It moves with ponderous but inexorable steps.
This towering woman has blue skin, small fangs, and a third eye glaring from her forehead. Her robes are soaking wet.
This towering, blue-skinned woman has backward-facing hands and a feral, animal-like visage with exaggerated features.
This towering, burning demon wears black, spiky armor and carries two weapons—a jagged sword and a whip of flames.
This towering, burning equine stands upon smoking hooves. Hellfire shimmers in its hateful eyes.
This towering, gray-skinned giant holds a massive spear, its crimson haft sporting a head of barbed and blackened stone.
This towering, horned, lion-faced giant has long, braided hair and is outfitted in various pieces of plate armor.
This towering, ibis-like bird appears to be sculpted from silver and brass, yet it moves with the fluidity of a living creature.
This towering, lean figure is hairless and has smooth, milky white skin. A scythe gleams in her hands.
This towering, muscular, female figure wears an iron, ram-headed mask. Four stout arms crackle with primal energies, while four additional arms emerge from her hips, supporting her bulk in place of legs.
This towering, night-black giant has demonic features, including a huge pair of ram-like horns. Its arms end in massive blades.
This towering, plant-encrusted woman wields a massive bow, and her dark skin is decorated with numerous intricate tattoos.
This towering, scorpion-tailed man stalks with a soundless grace and murderous intent.
This towering, shapely, purple-skinned woman has an insectile lower body, antennae on her brow, and the wings of a bee.
This towering, spindly, four-armed entity appears to be made of stone and crystal, yet it moves with a fluid grace.
This towering, stern woman wears her long blonde hair in braids. She carries a reel of golden thread and a pair of shears.
This towering, three-eyed horned giant carries himself with the self-assurance of an undefeated champion of countless wars.
This towering, three-tailed, six-eyed beast seems like three rune-backed serpents partially melded together into one body.
This translucent apparition wears tatters of once-fine clothing and jewelry. The creature’s still-beating heart glows brightly around a dagger thrust through its chest.
This translucent creature’s shape shifts between a spinning column of water and a crashing wave.
This translucent humanoid figure has an animal’s head. Rising from its back are wings of chilling white light.
This translucent, floating head has a bluish tinge and a humanoid face twisted in an enraged scowl.
This translucent, ghostly figure fades into view from the damp mist, its face distorted by wrath into a hideous mask.
This translucent, jellyfish-like creature has a shimmering purple and blue bell-like body that sports a nest of sting-tipped tendrils.
This translucent, orange-tinged creature looks like it was once a living person, though its face is a twisted mask of confusion and terror and its vestments surround
This translucent, shaggy, horned monster shines with an eerie blue light, and its form trickles into vapor below the waist.
This translucent, unnaturally tall humanoid figure sprouts dozens of long tendrils from its upper body.
This transparent blue formation of ice is as forbidding as the serpent it resembles.
This tremendous leviathan resembles a vast squid, yet the markings on its body are strangely unsettling to look upon.
This tremendous, translucent jellyfish glows with blue internal light, and the water around its bell vibrates with an electrical charge.
This troggle wears filthy studded leather armor and a dog collar, and carries a powerful bow on its back.
This tube of roiling mist writhes through the air. Thin tendrils of dark smoke reach tentatively out from its body as swiftly as they collapse back into its central mass.
This twisted amalgamation of human and goat is covered in matted fur, its teeth sharp and eyes eerily blank.
This twisted little gnome with white-blue skin and a wild, red-tinged beard snarls and prances madly about, clutching a hammer in one hand and a bloody chisel in the other. A closer look reveals its huge bushy beard is not made of hair, but of living scintillating icicles as sharp as dagger-points and frosted with blood-spray from its last kill. The beard dances as madly as he, wriggling like a nest of razored ice snakes undulating to their own sinister rhythm. One of the malingering degenerate’s eyes is significantly larger than the other, pulsing and bloodshot, its pupil lolling about like a ship in a storm.
This twitching, pale maggot is the size of a large dog. A circular mouth quivers and gasps at one end of its pulsating body.
This twitching, slithering coil of bright-green vines is covered with hooked thorns and tiny barbs.
This two-headed monstrosity has vast wings and a long tail covered in a forest of blades.
This two-legged dragon has dull blue scales tinged with bright blue ice. A freezing mist issues from between its powerful jaws.
This ugly creature has a boar-like head with short antlers, a thick bullish body covered in spines, and cloven hooves on its stumpy legs.
This ugly creature’s porcine head features multiple horns and tusks. Its muscular body ripples with raw power.
This umbral creature, resembling a gaunt, stunted elf trailing wisps of dark mist, grins evilly. Its large amber eyes grow hungrily.
This undead horror’s upper body is twisted and malformed, and its hands end in tangles of blunt, electric-blue tendrils.
This undead soldier carries a heavy-looking pickaxe in one hand and a short sword in the other.
This undulating, amorphous sac is a turgid, brown-black mass
 scarcely hiding a seething jumble of rounded subcutaneous
 masses churning within. One end opens into a yawning maw,
 revealing a fiery cauldron of innumerable, lidless eyeballs of
 every size, shape, and color, each wreathed in sooty orange flame.
This unfathomably large serpent sports a distinctly draconic face. Its body is deep, blackened gray with swatches of crimson. An entrancing set of lures dangles off its face, each glowing with a pulsating orange light accented by regular electrical discharges.
This unnaturally graceful creature has a bulbous fungoid lump for a head, spiny insectoid wings, and a tangle of spiky, clawed legs.
This unnaturally graceful man moves without a sound, his gaze just as piercing as the needle-sharp blade he effortlessly wields.
This unnaturally pale woman is dressed in the somber garb of a mourner, her countenance covered by a lengthy black veil.
This unsettling creature has the head of a fanged, green-eyed horse and a body that is little more than a writhing tentacle.
This unusually large wolf has an evil, almost intelligent light shining in its deep red eyes.
This vague, humanoid figure seems to be the source of a bank of unnaturally colored fog.
This vaguely arachnid creature is the size of a human and is composed entirely of blood, globs of the viscous stuff dripping down its spindly legs and from its serpentine maw. A jagged set of obsidian fangs protrudes from its drooling mouth, and huge dragonfly wings of crimson blood splay from the thing’s back producing a terrifying buzz.
This vaguely human-shaped plant slashes out with dangerouslooking barbed fronds.
This vaguely humanoid creature has a vulture’s head and wings
 for arms, and wields an enormous bow in its taloned feet.
This vaguely humanoid creature is about the size of a cat but looks more like a toothy, winged devil.
This vaguely humanoid mass of polished black metal lumbers forward, with all manner of metallic objects clinging to its body.
This vaguely humanoid plant creature has a body formed of soggy green seaweed and wears crude armor made from seashells.
This vaguely humanoid-shaped roil of mist appears to be improbably solid.
This vast draconic serpent has a pair of leathery wings that don’t appear to be strong enough to allow the creature to fly.
This venomous snake is heavily armored and has unusually large fangs.
This vile predator has a hide as thick and tough as leather. Wicked ebony quills run from its head, tail, and back.
This viscous blob of brightly colored goo quivers and pulses in a curious manner.
This viscous heap slides like an inky spill. It’s the color of a starless
night sky, and a thick odor permeates the air around it.
This vulture-headed demon has crimson wings and a baleful third eye in his forehead. He is clad in lengths of chain and metal plates, and carries a cruel-looking sword in one hand and a glowing sphere of violet crystal in the other.
This walking corpse wears only a few soiled rags, its flesh rotting off its bones as it stumbles forward, arms outstretched.
This walking nightmare resembles a white-haired old woman who looks as though she has been skinned alive, her bloody muscles and sinews pulsing grotesquely.
This warrior looks like an attractive humanoid with pointed, featherlike ears and eyes shaped into long, horizontal slits. Though he has no true hair, his entire body is covered in short, sleek white fur.
This wasplike creature seems to be partially made of metal. Its
 wings create an iridescent glow as they buzz loudly in the air.
This waterlogged gremlin has lobster claws for hands and an almost canine face with webbed ears.
This watery puddle reflects a distorted image of its surroundings, as though it were a window to another reality.
This weeping willow tree has a pale and mottled trunk that is contorted into twisted and torturous forms, and long branches made of bones and fibrous fronds.
This whale-like creature floats ponderously, arcs of brilliant energy filling its mouth and rolling down its body.
This white marble statue resembles a large feline, but its body and face are covered in decorative etchings and runes.
This white statue of a bald human is marbled with glowing green veins of energy.
This white-and-gray bird has a reddish-orange beak.
This white-furred creature has a vaguely humanoid head, the body of a lion, and the wings of a dragon. Its tail ends in long, sharp spikes encrusted with ice.
This white-maned minotaur’s gilt-edged robes project elegance and terror in equal measure. The cloud of heady incense about her form doesn’t conceal the distinct scent of brimstone.
This whitish-gray amoeboid creature has bits of flotsam embedded in its amorphous form, which moves inexorably against the current.
This wicked creature has the claws and mandibles of an enormous insect, and its lower body is made entirely of swarming locusts.
This wide-faced animal looks like a small, plump bear with a flat black nose, small round eyes, and white-tufted ears.
This wild-eyed, rhinolike creature lumbers along with splashing steps, water streaming from its pale, sagging, hide.
This wild-looking woman is covered in spattered blood. Her wicked smile reveals sharp teeth and her eyes suggest insanity.
This willowy, blue-skinned figure wears robes of draped chains. Its exposed skin is pierced with lengths of razor-sharp, bloodstained icicles.
This willowy, lavender-skinned stranger looks like he is dressed for an extravagant ball, and carries himself with a dancer’s grace.
This winged abomination is a horrid mix of demonic and angelic features, as if two bodies were carelessly fused into one. Its fanged, inhuman face is frozen in permanent contempt, while a beautiful visage with an expression of horror bulges from the back of its skull.
This winged creature has clawed hands and bird’s talons. Large, glinting eyes and a serrated beak dominate its avian face.
This winged creature’s streamlined head features sunken, glassy eyes and a circular mouth lined with needle-sharp teeth.
This winged fiend’s horned head and fanged visage present the perfection of the demonic form, fire spurting from its flesh.
This winged horror has the upper body of a feral, bloody-mouthed female orc warrior and the lower body of a giant wolf.
This winged monster has the body of a lion, though two more heads flank its central feline one—a dragon and a horned goat.
This winged serpent is covered with bright blue-and-green feathers that are reminiscent of ocean waters.
This winged, six-legged creature seems to be constructed of dark
crystal. Its mouth is disproportionately large for its wolfish head,
gaping open to display rows of jagged teeth, and its spiky, manyjointed
legs bend in unsettling ways.
This withered corpse carries a sharpened spear and has a small shield strapped to its emaciated arm.
This withered old corpse has a feral glint in her eyes and clasps a rusty axe in her yellow-nailed hands.
This withered, eyeless little creature has a mushroom cap for a head, and a stringy fungus beard frames his toothless grin.
This wolf-like beast has a charred and blackened hide, its flesh split in places and seeping a fiery red ooze. The slaving creature stalks closer, snarling gutturally as cinders flicker from its maw.
This wolflike creature’s body is composed of thick vines, fine vegetation that almost resembles fur, and enormous thorns. Its eyes shine with a green glow, and prickly vines cover the immense, antlerlike growths on its head.
This wolverine’s eyes possess the unmistakable glint of intelligence, and its mouth seems to twitch as if it were about to laugh.
This woman has black, frostbitten skin, white hair, and a black ice staff decorated with bones and gems.
This woman with four armor-clad arms and wings of incandescent magma has the lower torso of a powerful reptile.
This woman with vaguely half-elven features wears a wooden breastplate and wields a wooden morningstar in one hand. In her other hand she holds a thorny red rose; blood from that hand trickles down her arm.
This woman would be pretty if it were not for her sharp teeth and nails, and her ghastly pale skin.
This woman’s clothing is a jumbled quilt of fine fabrics and elegant stitching, topped with a magnificent mask of painted wood and feathers. Bruises and sores cover her skin.
This woman’s flesh is pale and clammy, as if her body had been drained of blood from the fanged slashes on her four arms.
This woman’s foxlike tail and the wood-lined hollow inside her back reveal her true fey nature.
This worm-like monster has a hideous face of eyes and hooked jaws. It wields a wand and a sword in its twin tentacle tails.
This wormlike creature’s outer body consists of stone plates, and a cavernous maw contains a sparkling mass of red crystals.
This wretched collection of undead have tight leathery skin,
sunken eyes, and emaciated frames.
This wretched demon combines the worst features of a deformed boar and a repellent hag, then somehow manages to make things worse by decorating the whole with an ugly patchwork of scars and a rancidly obese body.
This wretched human figure has tight leathery skin, sunken eyes, and an emaciated frame, yet it moves with eerie alacrity.
This wriggling and leafless tree moves on spidery legs. Flickering motes of blood-red lightning dance in the cracks of its bark.
This wrinkled, pale humanoid has a hairless, eyeless head, quivering nostril slits, and an unsettlingly wide mouth lined with rows of sharp fangs. Its eyes glare freakishly from the palms of its clawed hands.
This yellow-orange amoeboid creature slithers across the ground, pseudopods grasping ahead of its slow approach.
This yellowy viscous liquid bubbles in a large tank suspended by strangely organic cables. Wisps of white gas occasionally escape the roiling fluid.
Thorn-tipped tendrils and f lowering filaments sprout from this tiny, squirming grublike plant.
Thorny vines encircle this tropical tree’s thick, spongy trunk, and jungle debris lies strewn about its base.
Though at first appearing to be an ordinary suit of armor, this imposing being begins to move, its lumbering movements slow and methodical.
Though corroded and damaged, this bipedal metallic construct moves silently, as though powered by some force other than its own rattling gears.
Though its pincers seem too small to harm anything larger than an insect, this scorpion’s stinger still appears dangerous.
Though made of thousands of metal parts, this masterpiece of gleaming metal glides through the air with impossible grace.
Though mostly covered in grime-encrusted black fur, the muscles of this creature are still plainly visible along the four forearms that emerge from its split elbows. It wears a crude bone necklace that dangles under its vertically oriented mouth.
Though obviously a wooden construct, this small, nimble creature moves fluidly and purposefully.
Thousands of golden lights form a cloud, swirling gracefully around one another. Each light in the cloud is a glowing rune no bigger than a thumbnail.
Thousands of tiny gelatinous clots of animate ooze swarm in a wet mound, surrounded by a cloying stink of rancid vinegar.
Thousands of tiny, colorful winged humanoids crawl from every
 corner of the forest to form this buzzing, writhing swarm.
Thousands of yellow and black wasps form a thick cloud that swirls with savage bites and venomous stings.
Thousands upon thousands of locusts dance and drone in a dark and ravenous cloud.
Three lidless eyes with vertical pupils stare out from a small umbrella-shaped creature. It moves about using squirming tentacles, each moving independently in a mesmerizing motion.
Three pairs of wings beat rhythmically, churning up hurricane-force winds around this vast, birdlike monstrosity.
Three spears of obsidian energy skewer this cadaverous figure.
Through cracked, sickly blue lips, this pallid humanoid figure emits deep gasps as if struggling to breathe.
Thrushes are small, plump birds that eat fruit and insects. All thrushes are known for their beautiful songs, but thrush familiars are also capable of actual speech.
Tiny horns, bat-like wings, and a sinuous tail betray the demonic nature of this alluring woman.
Toadstools, puff balls, and other bizarre fungal growths sprout from this small, hunchbacked man’s mold-streaked body. His beady eyes burn with paranoia and malice.
Towering above a typical human, this misshapen giant’s pale flesh is covered in purulent sores and bulbous tumors.
Towering nearly 40 feet tall, this monster bellows a horrid war cry as blood vessels bloom crimson in his single, rage-filled eye.
Translucent wings protrude from this statuesque figure’s back. Patches of pale scales glisten on its skin.
Trim wings fold along the back of this oblong, iridescent insect.
Tumorous bulges crisscross this six-limbed rodent, lending its hairless body a bloated, brain-like appearance.
Tumorous, misshapen vines laden with dark red fruit make up the form of this lumbering humanoid creature, and its face is marked only by a pair of glowing, crimson eyes.
Twice the height of a human, this horned monstrous warrior wields a massive blade.
Twin talons attached to grotesque back-appendages drip blood from this hideously emaciated, jackal-legged albino demon.
Twin tentacles stretch from the crown of this feminine fiend’s head, while her lower body blooms in a gown of writhing tendrils.
Twisted horns rise from the skinless head of this winged creature, and noxious fumes leak from between its yellowed fangs.
Two clawed feet extend from a mysterious mobile fog bank, and dark eyes glow balefully from the mist.
Two colorful membranous wings rise behind this large insectlike humanoid, forming and reforming into complex patterns.
Two disgusting heads rise above this enormous mass of slime-drenched coils and slithering tentacles.
Two elongated and deathly pallid arms protrude from this creature’s smoky body as it slithers silently through the air.
Two large pincers grasp at the air before this sleek creature, while a finned tail bristling with a long, thin stinger rises from behind.
Two long vines covered in sharp thorns protrude from what appears to be a massive rotting bundle of barbs that’s topped with a heap of berry-red eyes.
Two long, leathery wings sprout from the green-scaled back of this ferocious creature. Its head bears a long snout full of razor-sharp teeth, and a green vapor drifts from its mouth. Two emerald eyes peer from its brow with the cunning of a skilled predator. A footlong spike adorns the tip of its sinuous tail, swishing from side to side, waiting to strike.
Two massive limbs drag the bulk of this whale-like beast’s body from the churning waters of the sea.
Two pairs of stretched and veiny leather wings adorn the back of this shrouded reptilian nightmare.
Two sharp ridges of bone run along the back of this foot-long, black-and-white speckled newt.
Two slimy tentacles protrude from the sides of this brain-shaped mass of quivering ooze.
Two spectral horses pull this ornate, ghostly carriage, whose windows are blocked by dark, heavy curtains.
Undulating patterns of purple and orange luminescence play across this strange mushroom’s gills.
Unspeakable pallid flesh twitches and quivers across the grotesque bulk of this vaguely insectile monstrosity. Behind a ravening maw of needle-sharp teeth twists a bulbous, eyeless head covered in a veined membrane. Beyond this amorphous mass coils a long, segmented body bearing dozens of scuttling legs covered in chitinous armor and ending in a pincer-like double stinger. The foremost legs are oversized and folded back like those of a mantis, but with jagged, metallic growths along its clawed edges.
Vaguely humanoid in shape, this gaunt fiend has the face of a hideous fish and a body of lanky limbs and writhing tendrils.
Venomous snakes slither and crawl over each other in a furious mass, their poison-dripping fangs glinting in the light.
Verdant stalks entwine one another to create a humanoid shape with a giant snapdragon blossom for a head.
Vibrant blue and yellow feathers adorn the body of this giant, parrot-like bird, but its curved beak and powerful talons are instead adorned with dried blood and gore.
Vicious shadows wrap around the form of this pudgy, white-eyed child.
Viscous black ooze covers every inch of this writhing mass of flailing tendrils and vestigial appendages. Whatever it might have once been lies hidden beneath spatters of noxious, tar-like filth, which sprays across everything nearby it as the thing lashes and leaks madly. A wave of cold rushes before the disgusting abomination as it comes, an icy, fetid breath like that from a chill sepulcher.
Water gushes from the mouth and nose of this bloated creature. Broken wood and jagged nails jut from its half-rotted flesh.
Weathered cobblestones give way to a deep, rough pit, the edges of which wriggle and contract of their own accord.
Were it not for the image of a sinister face peeking out from its dark gray bark, this would look like any other ragged oak tree.
What appeared at first glance to be the decaying husk of an enormous tree erupts into motion, as thick tendrils reach outward hungrily from all sides. Amid the jumble of motion, a subconscious whisper promises sleep and sweet rest to any that lie down at the thing’s base.
What appeared at first to be a sadistic spiked cage suddenly
 writhes into unholy life, with bladed, articulated arms.
What appeared in gloom to be a lost traveler is revealed by torchlight to be made of packed snow. This is no mannequin, though, for it reaches out with its frosty hand.
What appeared to be a chest filled with treasure comes to life as it grows long, glistening tentacles and a number of sharp teeth.
What appears at first glance to be a child or halfling has skin more akin to cracked porcelain barely covering a black, insectile carapace, and it has spiderlike legs where one would expect arms.
What appears to be a miniaturized orrery zips through the air, with thin, sharp blades flashing periodically from within.
What appears to be this creature’s cloak unfurls into bug wings, and its apparently human face is merely patterns on its head.
What at first appeared to be nothing more than a tangle of thick, twisted vines growing among the canopy of the trees suddenly coils itself into a large mass dangling high above. A large beaklike maw emerges from the center of the fecund mass, numerous thick, grasping vines whipping through the air.
What at first appears to be a bejeweled blade shimmers and writhes, transforming into a hideous, red-eyed serpent.
What at first appears to be a spindly, dead tree suddenly crawls from its camouflage, its wiry antenna twitching in the air.
What at first seemed to be a carpet of fungi and mushrooms suddenly stirs to life, surging forward with a reek of decay.
What looks like a pile of shorn hair twitches almost imperceptibly, as if the locks were moving in an nonexistent wind.
What seems to be a mass of diseased fibers growing on a plant suddenly moves and slithers independently from its sickly host.
What was once a woman now towers as a monstrosity of ectoplasmic flesh, horns, and a tremendous scythelike claw.
While this seductive woman has goat horns, goat hooves, and
 a serpentine tail, her eyeless face is her most disturbing feature.
Wicked spikes and infernal runes decorate this black metal construct’s armor. Unholy flames billow from industrial stacks atop its crown and back.
Wickedly barbed chains adorn this lean figure, and gaps in the bindings reveal deathly pale flesh etched with jagged scars.
Wide of chest and waist, this finely dressed man has a graymuzzled raccoon’s head and beady, darting eyes.
Wielding a net of woven moss and a stone javelin, this humanoid reptile wears armor of swamp reeds and bone and the skull of a larger reptile as a menacing mask.
Wily and well groomed, this diminutive blue-tinged man exudes detached patience. A wicked-looking crossbow and blood-stained manacles enhance his aura of quiet menace.
Wings composed of wood and vines grow out of the body of this lithesome fey.
With a black carapace that has a sheen reminiscent of watery oil, this verminlike creature has membranous wings the shade of obsidian. Its sharp teeth drip with acid.
With a head like an angry crustacean, this fierce little insectoid creature clacks and rattles with a tiny but solid-looking hammer.
With a jolt, this severed hand springs to life, its fingers propelling it forth at great speed like a deformed spider.
With a large head and numerous teeth, this unsightly creature resembles a goblin from the waist up and a greasy octopus below.
With a raucous cry and a flurry of feathered wings, this jet-black bird takes to the air, an unnatural gleam in its otherworldly eyes.
With a sleek body and huge mandibles raised in a threatening pose, this large beetle stands firm in defense of its territory.
With an armored spherical body, numerous tentacular legs, and a multi-eyed visage, this creature is truly hideous.
With burning eyes and a snapping maw, this blood-red serpent rises from the ocean’s depths. Sweltering heat radiates from its rippling scales.
With draconic scales covering much of its body, this staglike creature moves with awe-inspiring grace.
With each graceful step, this leopard’s steely muscles ripple beneath its spotted fur.
With graceful wings and wide fins, this sleek dragon looks equally well equipped to glide through sea and sky.
With its bloodless flesh and eyes the color of deepest night, this imperious being obviously no longer numbers among the living.
With its feet planted firmly together, this marble statue of a female warrior holding a stone sword rises up to support the ceiling.
With jet-black skin and a small but menacing pair of horns, this goateed, impish creature wields a bloody knife and a wicked grin.
With lengthy curling hair, a dancer’s dress, and a bouquet of flowers, this woman remains beautiful, despite having no flesh.
With menacing black horns jutting from its head, this two-legged dragon is covered in dark green scales and vicious black barbs.
With rust-colored skin and a jutting crown of ridge-like horns, this muscular devil is draped in lengthy contracts.
With scales the color of the desert sky, this large, serpentine dragon moves with an unsettling grace.
With shorter ears and limbs than other rabbits, this white rabbit is hard to spot in the snow.
With the body of a powerfully built man and the head of a snarling bull, this creature stomps its hooves as if preparing to charge.
With the splintering sound of dry, cracking wood, a human-sized graven image lurches to life. Its features shift and reform with every step, cycling through a variety of faces both strange and oddly familiar. Bits of feather, leaves, and decorative stone embellish its surface, and the strong smell of lacquer and resin assaults the senses as it draws near with a menacing, ponderous gait.
With wings and an unearthly glow, this mechanical being could easily be mistaken for an angel.
Within a halo of brilliant, glowing orbs are the distinctive features of a compact feline with tufted ears, a short tail, and keen, piercing eyes.
Within a swirl of light, a clump of brains wrapped in arcs of light pulses and throbs. The impression of an open eye floats before it.
Within a swirling mass of frigid air manifests the form of a bestial specter. Claws the size of daggers lash menacingly before its half-bestial, half-humanoid form, and its narrow eyes glow with a smoldering malevolence.
Within a towering structure of bone and rotting flesh lurk hundreds of flittering fiends.
Within the shadows of this vaguely humanoid figure stir swirling colors and spheres, as if it encompassed all the night sky.
Within this elaborate suit of armor can be seen the partial form of a determined warrior.
Within this mass of primeval fish glint innumerable savagely gnashing teeth.
Wrapped from head to toe in ancient strips of moldering linen, this humanoid moves with a shuffling gait.
Wrapped in strips of linen, this creature with tattered wings looks like it used to have the hindquarters of a lion and a woman’s face.
Wrapped in tatters of dark musty robes, this humanoid figure weaves malevolent magic.
Wreathed in flame, this winged serpent sports brightly colored feathers sparking with electricity.
Writhing, hook-covered tentacles unfurl from this behemoth’s body, at the center of which gapes a maw with a red eye in its throat.
Yellow spots and stripes run from this amphibian’s wide snout to the tip of its tail.
Yellowed, venom-dripping fangs fill the human-like mouth of this sinister serpentine monstrosity.
